5.0	Un avion decolează.	Un avion este în curs de decolare.	A plane is taking off.	An air plane is taking off.
3.8	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut mare.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man is playing a large flute.	A man is playing a flute.
3.8	Un bărbat pune brânză mărunțită pe o pizza.	Un bărbat pune brânză mărunțită pe o pizza negătită.	A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
2.6	Trei bărbați joacă șah.	Doi bărbați joacă șah.	Three men are playing chess.	Two men are playing chess.
4.25	Un bărbat cântă la violoncel.	Un bărbat stând jos cântă la violoncel.	A man is playing the cello.	A man seated is playing the cello.
4.25	Niște bărbați se luptă.	Doi bărbați se luptă.	Some men are fighting.	Two men are fighting.
0.5	Un bărbat fumează.	Un bărbat patinează.	A man is smoking.	A man is skating.
1.6	Bărbatul cântă la pian.	Bărbatul cântă la o chitară.	The man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the guitar.
2.2	Un bărbat cântă la chitară și voce.	O femeie cântă la chitară acustică și voce.	A man is playing on a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
5.0	O persoană aruncă o pisică spre tavan.	O persoană aruncă o pisică către tavan.	A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.	A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
4.2	Bărbatul l-a lovit pe celălalt bărbat cu un băț.	Bărbatul l-a plesnit pe celălalt bărbat cu un băț.	The man hit the other man with a stick.	The man spanked the other man with a stick.
4.6	O femeie ridică și ține un pui de cangur.	O femeie ridică și ține în brațe un pui de cangur.	A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.	A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.
3.867	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut de bambus.	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a bamboo flute.
4.667	O persoană împăturește o bucată de hârtie.	Cineva împăturește o bucată de hârtie.	A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper.
1.667	Un bărbat aleargă pe drum.	Un câine panda aleargă pe drum.	A man is running on the road.	A panda dog is running on the road.
3.75	Un câine încearcă să dea jos șuncă de pe spatele lui.	Un câine încearcă să mănânce șunca de pe spatele lui.	A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.	A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.
5.0	Ursul polar alunecă pe zăpadă.	Un urs polar alunecă de-a lungul zăpadezii.	The polar bear is sliding on the snow.	A polar bear is sliding across the snow.
0.5	O femeie scrie.	O femeie înoată.	A woman is writing.	A woman is swimming.
3.8	O pisică se freacă de fața bebelușului.	O pisică se freacă de un bebeluș.	A cat is rubbing against baby's face.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.
5.0	Barbatul călărește un cal.	Un bărbat calareste pe un cal.	The man is riding a horse.	A man is riding on a horse.
3.2	Un barbat toarnă ulei într-o oală.	Un barbat toarnă vin într-o oală.	A man pours oil into a pot.	A man pours wine in a pot.
2.8	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O fată cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a guitar.	A girl is playing a guitar.
4.6	Un panda alunecă pe un tobogan.	Un panda alunecă pe un tobogan.	A panda is sliding down a slide.	A panda slides down a slide.
3.0	O femeie mănâncă ceva.	O femeie mănâncă carne.	A woman is eating something.	A woman is eating meat.
5.0	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie curăță un cartof.	A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.
4.8	Băiatul a căzut de pe bicicletă.	Un băiat cade de pe bicicletă.	The boy fell off his bike.	A boy falls off his bike.
5.0	Femeia cântă la flaut.	O femeie cântă la un flaut.	The woman is playing the flute.	A woman is playing a flute.
4.2	Un iepure fuge de un vultur.	Un iepure de câmp fuge de un vultur.	A rabbit is running from an eagle.	A hare is running from a eagle.
4.2	Femeia prăjește un cotlet de porc.	O femeie gătește un cotlet de porc.	The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.	A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
4.0	O fată înalță un zmeu.	O fată aleargă și înalță un zmeu.	A girl is flying a kite.	A girl running is flying a kite.
4.0	Un bărbat călărește un taur mecanic.	Un bărbat a călărit un taur mecanic.	A man is riding a mechanical bull.	A man rode a mechanical bull.
4.909	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
3.0	O femeie dansează și cântă cu alte femei.	O femeie dansează și cântă în ploaie.	A woman is dancing and singing with other women.	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
2.4	Un bărbat taie o chiflă.	Un bărbat taie o ceapă.	A man is slicing a bun.	A man is slicing an onion.
4.2	Un bărbat toarnă ulei într-o tigaie.	Un bărbat toarnă ulei într-o cratiță.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
3.4	Un leu se joacă cu niște oameni.	Un leu se joacă cu doi bărbați.	A lion is playing with people.	A lion is playing with two men.
5.0	Un câine merge pe skateboard.	Un câine merge pe un skateboard.	A dog rides a skateboard.	A dog is riding a skateboard.
3.75	Cineva sculptează o statuie.	Un bărbat sculptează o statuie.	Someone is carving a statue.	A man is carving a statue.
2.75	O femeie taie o ceapă.	Un bărbat tăie o ceapă.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is cutting an onion.
5.0	O femeie curăță creveți.	O femeie curăță creveți.	A woman peels shrimp.	A woman is peeling shrimp.
4.0	O femeie prăjește pește.	O femeie gătește pește.	A woman is frying fish.	A woman is cooking fish.
3.6	O femeie cântă la o chitară electrică.	O femeie cântă la o chitară.	A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A woman is playing a guitar.
1.6	Un pui de tigru se joacă cu o minge.	Un bebeluș se joacă cu o păpușă.	A baby tiger is playing with a ball.	A baby is playing with a doll.
1.75	O persoană taie o roșie.	O persoană taie niște carne.	A person is slicing a tomato.	A person is slicing some meat.
5.0	O persoană taie o ceapă.	O persoană taie o ceapă.	A person cuts an onion.	A person is cutting an onion.
1.0	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	O femeie cântă la vioară.	A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing the violin.
1.0	O femeie cântă la flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing the guitar.
2.375	Un bărbat tăie un cartof.	Un bărbat taie morcovi.	A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots.
3.8	Un copil cântă la chitară.	Un băiat cântă la o chitară.	A kid is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar.
3.2	Un băiat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A boy is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
3.2	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un băiat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar.
4.4	Un băiețel cântă la clape.	Un băiat cântă la clape.	A little boy is playing a keyboard.	A boy is playing key board.
3.75	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară electrică.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing an electric guitar.
4.75	Un câine linge un bebeluș.	Un câine linge un bebeluș.	A dog licks a baby.	A dog is licking a baby.
3.2	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	Un bărbat tăie o ceapă.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is cutting and onion.
1.556	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la tobe.	A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.
3.938	O femeie feliază un ardei.	O femeie taie un ardei roșu.	A woman is slicing a pepper.	A woman is cutting a red pepper.
5.0	Un bărbat cântă la tobe.	Un bărbat cântă la tobă.	A man is playing the drums.	A man plays the drum.
5.0	O femeie călărește un cal.	O femeie călărește un cal.	A woman rides a horse.	A woman is riding a horse.
4.0	Un bărbat mănâncă o banană lângă un copac.	Un bărbat mănâncă o banană.	A man is eating a banana by a tree.	A man is eating a banana.
1.6	O pisică se joacă la tastatură.	Un bărbat cântă la două orgi.	A cat is playing a key board.	A man is playing two keyboards.
4.75	Un bărbat taie un copac cu un topor.	Un bărbat a tăiat un copac cu un topor.	A man chops down a tree with an axe.	A man cut a tree with an axe.
3.5	Un copil se joacă cu un telefon de jucărie.	Un băiețel se joacă cu un telefon de jucărie.	A kid plays with a toy phone.	A little boy plays with a toy phone.
1.4	Un bărbat merge cu motocicleta.	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse.
1.4	Un bărbat merge cu motocicleta.	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse.
4.0	O veveriță se învârte în cerc.	O veveriță aleargă în cerc.	A squirrel is spinning around in circles.	A squirrel runs around in circles.
5.0	Un bărbat și o femeie se sărută.	Un bărbat și o femeie se sărută.	A man and a woman are kissing.	A man and woman kiss.
3.833	Un bărbat urcă într-o mașină.	Un bărbat urcă într-o mașină într-un garaj.	A man is getting into a car.	A man is getting into a car in a garage.
0.6	Un bărbat dansează.	Un bărbat vorbește.	A man is dancing.	A man is talking.
2.917	Un bărbat cântă la chitară și voce.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is playing the guitar.
4.2	O persoană taie ciuperci.	O persoană taie ciuperci cu un cuțit.	A person is cutting mushrooms.	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
2.0	Un pui de tigru scoate un sunet.	Un tigru se plimba împrejur.	A tiger cub is making a sound.	A tiger is walking around.
2.6	O persoană feliază niște cepe.	O persoană curăță o ceapă.	A person is slicing onions.	A person is peeling an onion.
1.6	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	Un bărbat cântă la trompetă.	A man is playing the piano.	A man is playing the trumpet.
2.0	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie descojește un măr.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is peeling an apple.
4.2	Un panda mănâncă bambus.	Un urs panda mănâncă niște bambus.	A pankda is eating bamboo.	A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
2.0	O persoană curăță o ceapă.	O persoană curăță o vânătă.	A person is peeling an onion.	A person is peeling an eggplant.
4.8	O maimuță împinge o altă maimuță.	Maimuța a împins-o pe cealaltă maimuță.	A monkey pushes another monkey.	The monkey pushed the other monkey.
4.4	O veveriță aleargă în cerc.	O veveriță se mișcă în cerc.	A squirrel runs around in circles.	A squirrel is moving in circles.
5.0	Un bărbat își leagă șireturile.	Un bărbat își leagă șireturile.	A man is tying his shoe.	A man ties his shoe.
3.0	Un băiat cântă la pian și voce.	Un băiat cântă la pian.	A boy is singing and playing the piano.	A boy is playing the piano.
4.25	Un câine mănâncă pepene verde.	Un câine mănâncă o bucată de pepene verde.	A dog is eating water melon.	A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.
4.25	O femeie toacă brocoli.	O femeie toacă brocoli cu un cuțit.	A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
3.8	Un bărbat curăță un cartof.	Un bărbat a curățat un cartof.	A man is peeling a potato.	A man peeled a potatoe.
2.4	O femeie cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A woman is playing a guitar.	A man plays a guitar.
1.6	O femeie taie roșii.	Un bărbat taie ceapa.	A woman is slicing tomato.	A man is slicing onion.
2.0	Un bărbat înoată sub apă.	O femeie înoată sub apă.	A man swims underwater.	A woman is swimming underwater.
1.6	Un bărbat și o femeie vorbesc.	Un bărbat și o femeie mănâncă.	A man and woman are talking.	A man and woman is eating.
4.0	Un câine mic aleargă după o minge de yoga.	Un câine aleargă după o minge.	A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.	A dog is chasing a ball.
2.2	Bărbații joacă cricket.	Bărbații joacă baschet.	The men are playing cricket.	The men are playing basketball.
4.4	Un bărbat pleacă pe motocicletă.	Un bărbat merge pe motocicletă.	A man rides off on a motorcycle.	A man is riding on a motorcycle.
3.6	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară și voce.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
3.6	Bărbatul a vorbit la telefon.	Bărbatul vorbește la telefon.	The man talked on the telephone.	The man is talking on the phone.
0.5	Un bărbat pescuiește.	Un bărbat face mișcare.	A man is fishing.	A man is exercising.
0.8	Un bărbat levitează.	Un bărbat vorbește.	A man is levitating.	A man is talking.
0.6	Doi băieți conduc.	Doi băieți dansează.	Two boys are driving.	Two bays are dancing.
2.6	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	O fată călărește un cal.	A man is riding on a horse.	A girl is riding a horse.
2.0	Un bărbat merge cu bicicleta.	O maimuță merge cu bicicleta.	A man is riding a bicycle.	A monkey is riding a bike.
2.2	Un bărbat feliază cartofi.	O femeie curăță cartofi.	A man is slicing potatoes.	A woman is peeling potato.
2.4	O femeie curăță un cartof.	Un bărbat feliază cartofi.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing potato.
3.6	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Cineva cântă la chitară.	A man is playing a guitar.	Someoen is playing guitar.
2.2	O femeie feliază un praz.	O femeie taie ghimbir.	A woman is slicing a leek.	A woman is slicing ginger.
4.8	Omul a tăiat o farfurie de carton.	Un bărbat taie o farfurie de carton.	The man cut a paper plate.	A man is cutting a paper plate.
1.643	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.
1.75	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	Bărbatul cântă la vioară.	A man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the violin.
2.25	O femeie toacă niște carne.	O femeie pregătește niște carne.	A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is breading some meat.
4.0	Un bărbat cântă la clape.	Un bărbat cântă la un pian electric.	A man is playing on his keyboard.	A man is playing a keyboard piano.
4.8	Doamna a tocat cepele verzi.	Doamna a tăiat o ceapă verde.	The lady chopped up the green onions.	The lady cut up a green onion.
3.2	Cineva pune tăiței în apă.	O femeie fierbe tăiței în apă.	Someone is sitring noodles in water.	A woman is boiling noodles in water.
4.0	Lionel Richie dansează pe tavan.	Lionel Ritchie dansează în picioare pe tavan.	Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.	Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.
4.4	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	O persoană cântă la pian.	A man is playing a piano.	A person is playing the piano.
4.6	O femeie cântă la flaut.	O femeie cântă la un flaut.	A woman is playing flute.	A woman plays on a flute.
3.8	Un băiat verifică un calendar.	Un băiat se uită la un calendar.	A boy is checking a calender.	A boy is looking at a calendar.
4.8	O femeie taie o ceapă.	O femeie toacă niște ceapă.	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is chopping onions.
4.857	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing guitar.	A man plays a guitar.
5.0	O femeie folosește o mașină de cusut.	O femeie coase la o mașină.	A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is sewing on a machine.
2.533	O femeie întoarce clătite.	Un bucătar din desene animate întoarce clătite.	A woman is flipping pancakes.	A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.
1.0	Un bărbat aleargă pe drum.	O mașină circulă pe drum.	A man is running on the road.	A car is driving down the road.
1.0	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	Un bărbat vorbește la un telefon.	A man is riding on a horse.	A man is talking on a phone.
2.0	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicleta.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	A man is riding a bike.	A man is riding on a horse.
0.143	O femeie dansează.	Un bărbat mănâncă.	A woman is dancing.	A man is eating.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a flute.
1.6	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a piano.
1.6	Un bărbat se învârte.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man is spinning.	A man is dancing.
3.4	O maimuță se leagănă de pe un picior pe altul.	O maimuță se leagănă din copac în copac.	A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.	A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.
4.0	Oamenii au coborât din tren.	Oamenii au coborât din tren la gară.	The people got off the train.	The people got off the train at the station.
4.8	Un câine sare pe o trambulină.	Un câine face salturi pe o trambulină.	A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A dog bounces on a trampoline.
2.5	Un băiat cântă la un instrument.	Un bărbat cântă la o trompetă.	A boy is playing an instrument.	A man is playing a trumpet.
1.75	O femeie cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară și voce.	A woman plays the guitar.	A man sings and plays the guitar.
1.0	O femeie alege o conservă.	O femeie feliază o roșie.	A woman is picking a can.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
5.0	Un bărbat se urcă pe o frânghie.	Un bărbat se urcă pe o frânghie.	A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs up a rope.
1.4	Un bărbat ridică o mașină.	Un bărbat escaladează un perete.	A man is lifting a car.	A man is climbing a wall.
4.0	Un bărbat și o femeie merg pe stradă într-o mașină de teren.	Un bărbat și o femeie conduc pe drum într-o decapotabilă.	A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle.
3.8	Bărbatul fără cămașă s-a așezat pe un scaun.	Un bărbat fără cămașă stă pe un scaun.	The shirtless man sat in a chair.	A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.
4.0	Două femei se luptă.	Două femei se luptă pe podea.	Two women are wrestling.	Two women are wrestling on the floor.
4.0	Cățelușul s-a jucat cu o minge albastră de tenis.	Un cățeluș se joacă cu o minge de tenis.	The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.	A puppy is playing with a tennis ball.
4.8	Un cangur mănâncă ceva.	Un cangur mănâncă.	A kangroo is eating something.	A kangaroo is eating.
0.6	O pisică cântă la un pian.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A cat is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.
4.75	Bărbatul a tăiat o bucată de covor cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat tăie un covor cu un cuțit.	The man cut some carpet with a knife.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
2.2	O femeie merge pe drum pe un scuter cu motor.	Un bărbat merge pe un scuter cu motor.	A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.	A man is riding a motor scooter.
3.0	Cineva feliază o legumă.	Cineva feliază o roșie.	someone is slicing a vegetable.	Someone is slicing a tomato.
0.0	O femeie dansează.	Un bărbat vorbește.	A woman is dancing.	A man is talking.
2.2	Un câine linge saliva unui bebeluș.	Un câine linge un bebeluș.	A dog licks up a baby's drool.	A dog licks a baby.
0.4	Un bărbat vâslește o barcă.	Un bărbat feliază o roșie.	A man is rowing a boat.	A man is slicing a tomato.
4.8	Un bărbat tăie cartofi.	Un bărbat feliază cartofi.	A man cuts up potatos.	A man slices potatoes.
4.8	O femeie toacă usturoi.	Femeia taie usturoi în cuburi.	A woman is chopping up garlic.	The woman is dicing garlic.
3.8	Un animal aleargă în cerc.	O veveriță aleargă în cerc.	An animal run in circles.	A squirrel runs in circles.
3.0	Un bărbat trece încet peste un pod de frânghii.	Un băiat trece peste un pod.	A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.	A boy is walking across a bridge.
4.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat așezat într-o cameră cântă la chitară.	A man is playing the guitar.	A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.
5.0	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man plays the flute.	A man is playing a flute.
3.8	O femeie sparge două ouă într-un bol de sticlă.	O femeie sparge un ou într-un bol.	A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.	A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
3.0	Un bărbat taie un pește.	Un bărbat spintecă un pește.	A man is cutting a fish.	A man guts a fish.
4.4	Doi bărbați pun valize în portbagajul unei mașini.	Bărbații pun valize în portbagajul mașinii.	Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.	The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.
3.8	Un bărbat toarnă ulei pe niște roșii.	Bărbatul a turnat ulei pe roșiile tăiate.	A man pours oil on some tomatos.	The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
3.0	Un bărbat feliază ceva.	Un bărbat feliază o chiflă.	A man is slicing something.	A man is slicing a bun.
0.667	Un bărbat vâslește cu o canoe.	Un bărbat cântă la o harpă.	A man is paddling a canoe.	A man is playing a harp.
4.0	Un bărbat și o femeie se plimbă împreună prin pădure.	Un bărbat și o femeie merg braț la braț printr-o zonă împădurită.	A man and woman are walking together through the woods.	A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
3.75	Femeia a ridicat cangurul.	O femeie ridică un pui de cangur.	The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
4.133	Peștii înoată.	Un pește înoată.	Fish are swimming.	A fish is swimming.
4.0	Două femei amestecă ceva într-un robot de bucătărie.	Două femei fac ceva într-un blender.	Two women mix something in a food processor.	Two women make something in a blender.
3.6	O persoană face surf pe un val mare.	O persoană face surf.	A person is surfing a large wave.	A person is surfing.
1.2	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat înjunghie o țintă.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is stabbing a target.
1.6	Un bărbat cântă la flaut într-o trupă.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing a guitar.
4.0	Bărbatul a întins unt pe felia de pâine.	Un bărbat unge unt pe pâine.	The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.	A man is spreading butter onto bread.
4.0	O persoană fierbe tăiței.	O femeie fierbe tăiței în apă.	A person is boiling noodles.	A woman is boiling noodles in water.
3.2	Un grup de oameni dansează pe un deal.	Un grup de oameni dansează.	A group of people dance on a hill.	A group of people are dancing.
1.0	Un bărbat dansează afară.	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	A man is dancing outside.	A man is playing flute.
1.0	O femeie hrănește un bărbat.	O femeie amestecă carne.	A woman is feeding a man.	A woman is mixing meat.
0.6	Un bărbat pune o tigaie într-un cuptor.	O femeie taie o ceapă.	A man is putting a pan into an oven.	A woman is cutting an onion.
0.4	O femeie stă la un birou.	O femeie călărește pe un măgar.	A woman is sitting at a desk.	A woman is riding a donkey.
3.4	Medicii transportă un pacient pe o targă.	Un medic grăbește un pacient pe o targă.	Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.	A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
3.6	O femeie cântă la un flaut pe scenă.	Femeia cântă la flaut.	A woman is playing a flute on stage.	The woman is playing the flute.
3.0	Doi pui de panda se joacă.	Doui urși panda stau întinși unul lângă altul.	Two baby pandas are playing.	Two pandas are laying together.
4.0	Un bebeluș râde.	Un bebeluș râde și chicotește.	A baby is laughing.	A baby is laughing and giggling.
1.2	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un băiat cântă la un pian.	A man is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a piano.
0.6	Un bărbat împăturește hârtie.	O femeie taie un ardei.	A man is folding paper.	A woman is slicing a pepper.
1.6	Trei femei dansează.	Bărbatul dansează.	Three women are dancing.	The man is dancing.
2.6	Pisicile se joacă între ele.	Două pisici se luptă între ele.	The cats are playing with each other.	Two cats are fighting each other.
3.6	O persoană scrie.	O persoană scrie cu un creion.	A person is writing.	A person is writing with a pencil.
3.5	Un bărbat aleargă.	Un bărbat aleargă pe un drum.	A man is running.	A man is running down a road.
3.765	Femeia rulează aluat.	O femeie pune făină și rulează aluat.	The woman is rolling dough.	A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
2.75	O femeie adaugă condimente pe o carne.	Femeia adaugă zahăr în carne.	A woman is adding spices on a meat.	Woman is adding sugar to meat.
2.25	O femeie adaugă ulei pe pești.	O femeie toarnă apă peste pește.	A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is pouring water on fish.
2.75	Un băiețel ține o chitară.	Un băiețel cântă la o chitară.	A young boy is holding a guitar.	A little boy is playing a guitar.
3.8	Un ghepard aleargă.	Un ghepard aleargă de-a lungul unui câmp.	A cheetah is running.	A cheetah is running across a field.
4.8	Bărbatul mănâncă pizza.	Un bărbat mănâncă o felie de pizza.	The man is eating pizza.	A man is eating a slice of pizza.
3.6	Un urangutan merge cu autobuzul.	O maimuță merge într-un autobuz.	An orangutan is riding a bus.	A monkey is riding on a bus.
1.2	Un bărbat și o femeie vorbesc într-un restaurant.	Un bărbat și o femeie merg cu o bicicletă.	A man and a woman talk in a diner.	A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.
0.4	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat curăță o ușă de sticlă.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is cleaning a glass door.
2.4	O fată cântă la chitară și voce.	Un tânăr cântă în timp ce cântă la chitară.	A girl is singing and playing a guitar.	A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
3.941	O fată comunică prin limbajul semnelor.	O tânără folosește limbajul semnelor.	A girl is communicating with sign language.	A young girl is using sign language.
0.5	O femeie face exerciții cu greutăți.	O femeie își face părul.	A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is doing her hair.
3.75	Un bărbat urcă într-o mașină.	Un bărbat în vârstă urcă într-o mașină roșie.	A man is getting inside a car.	An elderly man is getting into a red car.
4.0	O minge mare verde răstoarnă un cartof.	O minge mare verde lovește un cartof.	A big green ball knocks a potato over.	A large green ball hits a potato.
3.0	O pisică se joacă la clape.	O pisică cântă la un pian.	A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing a piano.
4.2	Doi câini înoată într-o piscină.	Câinii înoată într-o piscină.	Two dogs swim in a pool.	Dogs are swimming in a pool.
2.0	Bărbatul a folosit un tocător pentru a toca ceapa.	Bărbatul a folosit o mașină pentru a tăia un cartof.	The man used a chopper to chop the onion.	The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe.
5.0	O femeie feliază tofu.	O femeie taie tofu.	A woman slices tofu.	A woman is cutting tofu.
3.0	O turmă de căprioare traversează strada.	O turmă de reni traversează un drum.	A herd of deer are crossing the street.	A herd of caribou are crossing a road.
3.8	Persoana merge călare pe cal.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	The person is riding the horse.	A man is riding a horse.
0.0	Cineva hrănește un animal.	Cineva cântă la un pian.	Someone is feeding a animal.	Someone is playing a piano.
0.0	Cineva taie tortilla.	Cineva merge călare pe cal.	Someone is slicing tortila's.	Someone is riding a horse.
0.25	Cineva amestecă ingrediente.	Cineva coase lucruri.	Someone is mixing ingrediants.	Someone is sewing things.
4.0	Un cocoș înclonțește un șoarece mort.	Un pui înclonțește un șoarece mort.	A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.	A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
3.25	O femeie ține un cangur.	O femeie ridică un cangur.	A woman holds a kangaroo.	A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
0.75	Un bărbat se joacă cu broaște	O pisică se joacă cu un aparat foto.	A man is playing with frogs	A cat is playing with a camera.
1.5	Doi bărbați vorbesc.	Doi bărbați cântă la chitară.	Two men are talking.	Two men are playing guitar.
3.5	Un bărbat unge unt pe o bucată mare de pâine.	Un bărbat întinde unt pe o felie de pâine cu usturoi.	A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.	A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
3.0	Un bărbat aleargă pe un fir la înălțime.	Un bărbat aleargă pe frânghie.	A man is running across a high wire.	A man is running on rope.
0.2	Un bărbat tunde un gazon.	O femeie taie o lămâie.	A man is mowing a lawn.	A woman is cutting a lemon.
0.8	Un bărbat deschide o ușă.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is opening a door.	A man is playing a guitar.
4.2	Un bărbat feliază un cartof în bucăți.	Un bărbat taie un cartof.	A man is slicing a potato into pieces.	A man is cutting a potato.
3.8	Femeia taie caracatiță gătită.	O femeie toacă caracatiță.	The woman is cutting cooked octopus.	A woman is chopping octopus.
0.4	Un bărbat lovește panourile cu pumnii.	Un câine aleargă prin apă.	A man is punching through boards.	A dog is running through water.
0.8	Un bărbat dansează.	Un bărbat mănâncă pâine.	A man is dancing.	A man is eating bread.
1.2	Cineva cântă la pian.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Someone is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.8	Două vulpi mănâncă dintr-o farfurie pe o terasă din cărămidă.	Vulpi mănâncă dintr-o farfurie.	Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.	Foxes are eating from a plate.
3.2	Un băiat cântă la clape.	Un băiat cântă la pian.	A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is playing the piano.
5.0	O persoană cântă la clape.	Cineva cântă la clape.	A person plays a keyboard.	Someone is playing a keyboard.
0.0	Un bărbat trage cu o armă.	Un bărbat scuipă.	A man is shooting a gun.	A man is spitting.
1.0	Cineva taie o ceapă.	Cineva curăță un cartof.	Someone is slicing an onion.	Someoen is peeling a potato.
0.0	Un bărbat înoată.	O femeie taie carne.	A man is swimming.	A woman is slicing meat.
3.75	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară acustică.	A man is playing the guitar.	A man plays an acoustic guitar.
0.4	O femeie taie un dovleac.	O femeie călărește un elefant.	A woman is slicing a pumpkin.	A woman is riding an elephant.
0.4	O femeie dansează.	O femeie frământă aluat.	A woman is dancing.	A woman is kneading dough.
0.6	O femeie sparge ouă într-un castron.	O femeie pune frigarui pe un grătar.	A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
4.0	O mașină merge pe un drum.	O mașină circulă pe drum.	A car is moving through a road.	A car is driving down the road.
0.4	Cineva unge o tigaie.	Cineva se întinde jos.	Someone is greasing a pan.	Smeone is laying down.
0.4	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un om scurge paste.	A man is playing guitar.	A man is draining pasta.
0.4	O femeie bea vodcă.	O femeie face exerciții fizice.	A woman is drinking vodka.	A woman is exercising.
4.8	O femeie taie carne în bucăți.	O femeie taie niște carne.	A woman is cutting meat into pieces.	A woman is cutting up some meat.
0.6	Un bărbat clătește o bucată de carne.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is rinsing a steak.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.8	Un bărbat vinde articole.	Un bărbat curăță casa.	A man is selling items.	A man is cleaning the house.
3.2	Un bărbat sare peste un zid.	Un bărbat sare pe un zid mic.	A man is jumping a wall.	A man jumps onto a short wall.
3.2	Alergătorii aleargă în jurul unei piste.	Alergătorii concurează într-o cursă.	Runners race around a track.	Runners compete in a race.
0.6	Un bărbat lovește o minge de fotbal.	Un bărbat învârte un castron.	A man is kicking a soccer ball.	A man is mixing a bowl.
0.6	O femeie prăjește ceva.	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	A woman is frying something.	A woman is riding a horse.
0.0	O pisică linge o ventuză.	O femeie feliază castravete.	A cat is licking a sucker.	A woman is slicing cucumber.
1.4	O femeie dansează lângă un foc.	O femeie face o baie.	A woman is dancing by a fire.	A woman is taking a bath.
2.2	Bărbatul spintecă un pește.	Un bărbat feliază un cartof.	The man is slicing a fish open.	A man is slicing a potato.
3.6	Untul se topește într-o tigaie.	Un bărbat topește unt într-o tigaie.	Butter is melting in a pan.	A man is melting butter in a pan.
3.111	Trei băieți dansează.	Copii dansează.	Three boys are dancing.	Kids are dancing.
0.6	O femeie joacă un joc cu un bărbat.	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	A woman is playing a game with a man.	A man is playing piano.
0.4	Bărbatul conduce o mașină albă.	Un bărbat acordă un interviu.	The man is driving a white car.	A man is giving an interview.
4.25	Un bărbat și-a condus mașina.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man drove his car.	A man is driving a car.
3.0	O mașină dă cu spatele dintr-un loc de parcare.	O mașină dă cu spatele dintr-o stradă blocată.	A car backs out of a space.	A car is backing out of a blocked lane.
5.0	Un bărbat pune niște brânză pe o pizza.	Bărbatul a presărat brânză pe pizza.	A man puts some cheese on a pizza.	The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.
5.0	Băiatul cântă la pian.	Un băiat cântă la un pian.	The boy is playing the piano.	A boy plays a piano.
3.75	Bărbatul a cântat la chitara lui.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	The man played his guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.2	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	Un bărbat cântă la clape.	A man is riding a horse.	A man is playing a keyboard.
0.4	Un om merge pe o frânghie.	Un bărbat merge cu o motoretă.	A man is walking on a rope.	A man is riding a mo-pad.
1.286	O fată cântă la un flaut.	O trupă cântă pe o scenă.	A girl is playing a flute.	A band is playing on a stage.
4.6	Oamenii se dau jos dintr-un tren.	Un grup de oameni coboară dintr-un tren.	People step off a train.	A group of people get off a train.
0.6	O femeie coase la mașină.	O femeie pregătește niște carne.	A woman is sewing on a machine.	A woman is breading some meat.
2.0	Un câine se uită la piscină.	Un câine se plimbă în jurul unei piscine.	A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking around a pool.
5.0	Un bărbat unge o bucată de pâine cu unt.	Un om întinde unt pe pâine.	A man is buttering a piece of bread.	A man is applying butter to bread.
1.8	Un bărbat tăie roșii în bucăți.	O femeie taie niște legume.	A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting some vegetables.
2.4	Trei adolescente au dansat în cameră.	Niște fete adolescente dansează pentru aparatul de fotografiat.	Three teenage girls danced in the room.	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
2.4	Un leu merge.	Un leu umblă într-un țarc.	A lion is walking.	A lion is pacing in a pen.
0.4	Un bărbat împușcă o mașină.	Un bărbat taie un cartof.	A man shooting a car.	A man is cutting a potato.
4.2	Un cal negru aleargă împrejur.	Calul aleargă.	A black horse is running around.	The horse is running.
0.0	O femeie decortichează creveți.	Un bărbat dansează în ploaie.	A woman is deveining shrimp.	A man is dancing in rain.
0.0	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	O femeie spală un congelator.	A man is riding a horse.	A woman is washing a freezer.
0.8	Un bărbat merge pe o cărare.	Un bărbat trece peste o frânghie întinsă.	A man walks down a path.	A man walks across a tight rope.
1.4	Un bărbat feliază un cartof.	O femeie taie un ardei.	A man is slicing a potato.	A woman is cutting a jalepeno.
1.5	Un câine latră la o minge.	Un câine înoată după o minge de tenis.	A dog is barking at a ball.	A dog swims after a tennis ball.
2.5	Un copil fuge de un pește care se balansează în jurul unei undițe.	Un copil mic aleargă în jurul unei undițe.	A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.	A little kid is running around a fishing pole.
2.5	Un bărbat merge pe o cărare prin sălbăticie.	Un bărbat merge pe un drum.	A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is walking down a road.
3.5	Un bărbat în vârstă vorbește pe un podium.	Un bărbat ține un discurs pe podium.	An elderly man is speaking at a podium.	A man is making a speech at the podium.
3.4	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal în mișcare lentă.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	A man riding a horse in slow motion.	A man is riding on a horse.
3.8	O persoană taie niște brânză burrata.	Persoana feliază brânză.	A person is cutting some burrata cheese.	The person is slicing cheese.
3.8	Bărbatul trage cu o pușcă automată.	Un bărbat trage cu o armă.	The man is shooting an automatic rifle.	A man is shooting a gun.
1.5	Un bărbat zdrobește usturoi cu un cuțit.	O femeie feliază carne cu un cuțit.	A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.	A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
0.5	O femeie își pilește unghiile cu o pilă.	O femeie își hrănește bebelușul cu o sticlă.	A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.	A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.
0.0	Un bărbat merge pe un skateboard.	O femeie taie un cartof.	A man is riding a skateboard.	A woman is cutting a potato.
0.0	O femeie face un duș.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal alb.	A woman is taking a shower.	A man is riding a white horse.
0.8	Un bărbat dansează.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal.	A man is dancing.	A man is riding a horse.
0.85	Un bărbat vâslește într-o barcă.	Un bărbat trage cu o armă.	A man is rowing a boat.	A man is shooting off a gun.
3.4	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o frânghie prinsă de tavan.	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o frânghie.	A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.	A man is swinging on a rope.
0.4	O femeie merge călare pe un cal pe o plajă.	Un bărbat cară un alt bărbat în spate.	A woman is riding a horse on a beach.	A man is carrying another man on his back.
1.75	Un bărbat ține un animal mic într-o mână.	Un bărbat arată o maimuță mică.	A man holds a small animal in one hand.	A man shows off a small monkey.
3.25	O persoană pliază o bucată de hârtie pătrată.	Un bărbat pliază hârtie.	A person is folding a square paper piece.	A man is folding paper.
0.75	O persoană prăjește carne într-o tigaie.	O persoană ține un sconcs.	A person is frying meat in a pan.	A person is holding a skunk.
0.0	Un cimpanzeu îi face rău unei femei.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.	A man is driving a car.
0.0	Femeia curăță creveți.	Bărbatul ține un lemur.	The woman is peeling shrimp.	The man is holding a lemur.
4.25	Două zebre se joacă.	Zebrele socializează.	Two zebras are playing.	Zebras are socializing.
1.8	O femeie taie unt.	O femeie feliază tofu.	A woman is slicing butter.	A woman slices tofu.
3.2	Niște bărbați cântă la chitară.	Trei bărbați cântă la chitară și voce împreună.	Some men are playing guitars.	Three men are playing guitars and singing together.
3.6	Elefanții au pulverizat apă pe ei înșiși.	Elefanții se stropesc pe ei înșiși cu apă.	The elephants sprayed water on themselves.	Elephants spray themselves with water.
2.6	Un câine stătea la tejgheaua unui magazin.	Câinele stă la tejghea.	A dog sat at the counter of a store.	The dog is standing at the counter.
3.2	Cineva face o gaură într-o scândură de lemn cu un burghiu electric.	Un bărbat face o gaură într-o bucată de lemn.	Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.	A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.
2.8	O femeie feliază niște legume.	Femeia taie usturoi.	A woman is slicing some vegetables.	The woman is dicing garlic.
4.6	Un bursuc își sapă o gaură.	Un bursuc sapă în pământ.	A badger is burrowing a hole.	A badger is digging the earth.
0.0	O femeie face schi nautic pe un lac.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A woman is water skiing on a lake.	A man is playing a flute.
0.25	O fată cântă la o vioară.	Un bebeluș râde și chicotește.	A girl is playing a violin.	A baby is laughing and giggling.
3.923	Un elicopter aterizează pe un heliport.	Un elicopter aterizează.	A helicopter is landing on a helipad.	A helicopter lands.
2.75	O femeie taie un pui.	O femeie feliază carne.	A woman is cutting up a chicken.	A woman is slicing meat.
0.0	O femeie taie un castravete.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A woman is cutting a cucumber.	A man is playing a guitar.
3.0	O femeie călărește un elefant în fața unei mulțimi care o adoră.	O femeie călărește un elefant.	A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.	A woman rides an elephant.
3.8	Un cățeluș alunecă înapoi de-a lungul podelei.	Un cățeluș se împinge înapoi.	A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.	A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
4.6	O femeie desface căței de usturoi.	O femeie rupe un usturoi în căței.	A woman splits garlic cloves.	A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
2.6	Un câine se uită într-o piscină.	Un câine merge pe marginea unei piscine.	A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.
3.6	O femeie amestecă un tratament de înfrumusețare într-un pahar.	O femeie amestecă o cremă într-un pahar cu o lingură.	A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.	A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.
3.6	Un bărbat desenează un tablou.	O persoană desenează.	A man is drawing a picture.	A person is drawing.
1.0	O femeie culege roșii.	O femeie toarnă aluat într-un castron.	A woman is picking tomatoes.	A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
2.75	Un bărbat se uită la monitorul unui computer.	Un bărbat folosește un laptop.	A man is looking at a computer monitor.	A man is using a laptop.
1.25	Băiatul merge pe o tricicletă.	O femeie merge pe o hidrobicicletă.	The boy is riding a tricycle.	A woman is riding a water scooter.
2.75	Doi bărbați concurează într-o cursă de rostogolit cauciucuri.	Doi oameni au răsturnat anvelope de tractor într-o cursă.	Two men compete in a tire rolling race.	Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.
0.0	O persoană taie o carne.	O persoană călărește un taur mecanic.	A person is cutting a meat.	A person riding a mechanical bull
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la vioară.	O femeie folosește o mașină de cusut.	A man is playing a violin.	A woman is using a sewing machine.
2.4	Bebelușul a ieșit târâș pe ușă.	Un bebeluș se târăște de-a lungul podelei.	The baby crawled through the doorway.	A baby is crawling across the floor.
2.2	Un bărbat cântă la clape.	O persoană cântă la un pian.	A man is playing keyboard.	A person is playing a piano.
0.2	Un bărbat miroase două pizza.	O femeie hrănește un bărbat.	A man is smelling two pizzas.	A woman is feeding a man.
2.8	O maimuță trage de coada unui câine.	O maimuță tachinează un câine la grădina zoologică.	A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
4.0	Un câine stă întins pe spate pe o podea din lemn.	Un câine stă pe podea.	A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.	A dog is laying on the floor.
0.0	O femeie prăjește ceva în tigaie.	Un bărbat cântă la chitara lui.	A woman is frying something in the pan.	A man is playing his guitar.
5.0	Un bărbat pune condimente într-un castron cu apă.	Bărbatul a adăugat condimente peste apă într-un castron.	A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
0.0	O femeie în vârstă toarnă ulei într-o tigaie de prăjit.	Un bărbat legat pune în apă.	An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A tied man is putting into water.
3.2	O femeie toacă o ceapă.	O femeie taie parțial jumătate de ceapă.	A woman is chopping an onion.	A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion.
3.5	Femeia a ridicat cangurul.	O femeie ține un cangur.	The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman is carrying a kangaroo.
1.75	Un câine care mușcă dintr-o cutie.	Un câine deschide o cutie de mâncare.	A dog biting on a can.	A dog opens a can of food.
1.25	O femeie dezosează un pește.	Un bărbat prinde un pește.	A woman is deboning a fish.	A man catches a fish.
0.833	Un bărbat tunde iarbă.	Un bărbat sparge beton.	A man is mowing grass.	A man is busting concrete.
0.0	O pisică se uită la un televizor.	Un bărbat taie o frunză.	A cat is watching a TV.	A man is slicing a leave.
3.75	Băiatul este blocat în ușa căsuței câinelui.	Un copil este blocat într-o casuță de câini.	The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.	A child is stuck in a dog house.
2.75	Oamenii se aruncă într-o piscină.	Bărbați cad într-o piscină.	People flip into a swimming pool.	Men are falling into a pool.
3.8	O femeie înoată sub apă.	O femeie înoată.	A woman swims underwater.	A woman is swimming.
0.2	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O femeie dansează.	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is dancing.
3.4	Un avion zboară prin aer.	Un avion South African Airways zboară sub un cer albastru.	An airplane is flying in the air.	A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
1.4	Un urs fuge de doi câini.	Un urs se luptă cu lupi.	A bear is running from two dogs.	A bear is fighting wolves.
3.8	O femeie se odihnește pe o plută.	O femeie se relaxează într-o cadă interioară.	A woman is resting in a floating raft.	A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
0.4	Un bărbat moare într-o sală de operații.	Un bărbat sărută o femeie pe scenă.	A man is dieing in an operating room.	A man is kissing a woman in stage.
0.0	Un bărbat ține o frunză.	O femeie se uită la televizor.	A man is holding a leaf.	A woman is watching television.
0.0	O persoană merge călare pe un cal.	O femeie feliază cartofi.	A person is riding a horse.	A woman is slicing potatoes.
0.0	O femeie feliază caracatiță.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A woman is slicing octopus.	A man is playing the guitar.
0.2	Un om sparge ulcioare de apă.	O femeie curăță usturoi.	A man is breaking water jugs.	A woman is peeling garlic.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O femeie taie legume.	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is cutting vegetable.
0.0	O fată mănâncă o brioșă.	Un bărbat feliază un castravete.	A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is slicing a cucumber.
3.8	Fetița s-a jucat pe iarbă cu un câine și o minge.	Un bebeluș se joacă cu un câine și o minge.	The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.	A baby plays with a dog and ball.
2.25	Oamenii merg pe o plută și vâslesc.	Patru persoane plutesc pe o plută.	People ride and paddle a raft.	Four people are floating on a raft.
2.4	Doamna a tăiat un cartof.	Un bărbat taie un cartof.	The lady cut up a potatoe.	A man is cutting a potato.
3.2	Misilul a explodat.	O rachetă a explodat.	The missile exploded.	A rocket exploded.
1.6	Un câine se joacă în zăpadă.	Un câine dă cu laba la o muscă de pe covor în fața lui.	A dog is playing in the snow.	A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
0.4	O femeie dansează cu alte femei.	O femeie mărunțește pui.	A woman is dancing with other women.	A woman is shredding chicken.
0.0	Un băiat împinge o dubiță.	O persoană taie o roșie.	A boy is pushing a van.	A person is slicing a tomato.
0.4	Un băiat face niște pași de dans.	Un băiat toarnă ceva dintr-un ulcior.	A boy is making some dance steps.	A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.
0.6	O femeie deschide un suc și îl bea.	O femeie merge călare pe un elefant.	A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.	A woman is riding on an elephant.
1.0	Un om asamblează bucăți de difuzor.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A man is assembling speaker parts.	A man is playing the guitar.
4.6	Câinele s-a plimbat de-a lungul marginii piscinei.	Un câine merge pe lângă o piscină.	The dog walked along the edge of the pool.	A dog is walking along a pool.
4.25	Untul este pus într-un castron.	Un bărbat taie untul într-un bol.	Butter is being put into a bowl.	A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
1.5	Ratonii mănâncă.	Un bărbat mănâncă.	Raccoons are eating.	A man is eating.
3.5	Cineva a căzut de pe un cal.	Un bărbat este aruncat de pe un cal.	Someone fell off a horse.	A man gets knocked off of a horse.
0.0	O femeie descojește un măr.	Un bărbat face acrobații pe o motocicletă.	A woman peels an apple.	A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.
0.0	Un bărbat ia niște cursuri de matematică.	Un bărbat clătește o bucată de carne.	A man is taking some math classes.	A man is rinsing a steak.
0.0	Animalele se joacă în apă.	Doi bărbați joacă tenis de masă.	Animals are playing in water.	Two men are playing ping pong.
0.333	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal și sare peste obstacole.	Un bărbat lovește o minge de fotbal.	A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.	A man is kicking a soccer ball.
0.333	O persoană face trucuri cu creionul cu mâna.	O persoană tăie morcovi în jumătate.	A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.	A person is slicing carrots in half.
3.333	Persoana a dat foc la aparatele foto.	O persoană dă foc la aparate foto.	The person lit the cameras on fire.	A person is blow torching cameras.
4.333	Omul tăie banda de pe cutie.	Un bărbat taie o cutie să o deschidă.	The man is slicing the tape from the box.	A man is cutting open a box.
0.8	Un bărbat pescuiește în râu.	Un bărbat cântă în timp ce merge pe trotuar.	A man is fishing in the river.	A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
0.2	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă.	O femeie dansează pe stradă.	A man is riding a bike.	A woman is dancing in the street.
0.0	Un bărbat face flotări.	O femeie taie niște caracatiță.	A man is doing push-ups.	A woman is cutting some octopus.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	O femeie taie felii niște carne de porc.	A man is playing guitar.	A woman is slicing up some pork.
2.8	Băiețelul cântă la chitară și voce.	Un bebeluș cântă la o chitară.	The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar.
0.8	O femeie își pudrează fața.	Femeia bate cu degetele în masă.	A woman is powdering her face.	The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
0.0	O femeie curăță un cartof.	Un leu se plimbă împrejur.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A lion is walking around.
0.25	O femeie trage cu o pușcă.	Un bărbat face cascadorii.	A woman is firing a rifle.	A man is performing stunts.
0.5	O femeie pune o ghirlandă peste umerii unui bărbat.	Un bărbat toarnă apă peste capul unui pilot.	A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.	A man pours water over a pilots head.
3.75	O bătrână dă mâna cu un bărbat.	Un bărbat și o femeie dau mâna.	An old woman is shaking hand with a man.	A man and a woman shake hands.
1.75	Femeia face schi nautic.	O femeie navigheaza pe un lac.	The woman is waterskiing.	A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
2.667	Copacii se îndoaie sub furtună.	Copacii sunt loviți de vânturi foarte puternice.	Trees are bending in storm.	Trees are hit by very hard winds.
0.4	Un bărbat și o femeie merg cu mașina.	O femeie prăjește creveți.	A man and woman is riding in a car.	A woman is frying shrimp.
0.0	Un bărbat mișcă o ramură de copac.	Femeia cântă la vioară.	A man is moving a tree limb.	The woman is playing the violin.
1.0	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	O femeie cântă la vioară.	A man plays a piano.	A woman is playing the violin.
0.8	O persoană toarnă ulei într-o tigaie.	O persoană face cubulețe o ceapă.	A person pours oil on a skillet.	A person is dicing an onion.
0.0	Animalul mănâncă.	O femeie dansează.	The animal is eating.	A woman is dancing.
4.0	Femeia își plimbă câinele.	O femeie își plimbă câinele pe stradă.	The woman is walking her dog.	A woman walks her dog down the street.
5.0	Un grup de oameni cântă.	Niște oameni cântă.	A group of people sing.	Some people are singing.
4.4	Pisica bea lapte.	O pisică linge dintr-o farfurioară cu lapte.	The cat is drinking milk.	A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
2.0	O fată folosește machiaj pe pleoapele sale.	O femeie aplică fard.	A girl is making eyelid.	A woman is applying eyeshadow.
2.8	Doi bărbați se luptă.	Doi bărbați se luptă folosind o formă de arte marțiale.	Two men are fighting.	Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.
2.5	Ofițerul militar s-a răstit la recruți.	Un ofițer vorbește cu recruții.	The military officer barked at the recruits.	An officer is talking to recruits.
2.5	Bărbatul bagă puiul într-un recipient.	Un bărbat pune alimente într-o cutie.	The man is putting chicken into the container.	A man is putting foods in a box.
2.25	Un bărbat tastează la o mașină de stenografiat.	Bărbatul a folosit un stenograf.	A man is tying on a stenographers machine.	the man used a stenograph.
3.6	O femeie adaugă paste într-o oală cu apă.	O femeie face tăiței.	A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.	A woman is making noodles.
1.2	O femeie stă întinsă pe o pătură pe o piatră și citește o carte.	O femeie stând jos cântă o melodie și cântă și la chitară.	A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.	A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.
0.2	Doi cățeluși se joacă între ei.	Niște bărbați joacă fotbal.	Two puppies are playing with each other.	Some men are playing soccer.
1.0	Un bărbat aleargă pe un câmp.	Un bărbat se urcă pe o frânghie.	A man is running on a field.	A man climbs up a rope.
0.4	Un bărbat îmbrățișează pe cineva.	Un bărbat face o fotografie.	A man is hugging someone.	A man is taking a picture.
2.8	Cineva toarnă ingrediente într-o oală.	Un bărbat pune legume într-o oală.	Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.	A man puts vegetables into a pot.
0.0	Un cuplu se plimbă.	Niște bărbați tăie cu fierăstrăul.	A couple are walking.	Some men are sawing.
3.0	O persoană cântă la o chitară.	Bărbatul a cântat la chitara lui.	A person is playing a guitar.	The man played his guitar.
3.0	O persoană adaugă mâncare într-o tigaie.	O femeie pune orez într-o tigaie.	A person is adding food in a pan.	A woman puts rice into a pan.
2.8	Un grup de pinguini se deplasează.	Un număr mare de pinguini se îndreaptă spre ocean.	A group of penguins is walking.	A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Cineva se ocupă de o chiflă	A man is playing a guitar.	Someone is handling a bun.
0.0	Un câine sare pe o trambulină.	Un băiat cântă la o chitară.	A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A boy is playing a guitar.
2.2	Un bărbat scutură un container deasupra unei chiuvete de bucătărie.	Un bărbat golește un recipient din plastic.	A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.	A man is emptying a plastic container.
3.75	Un om merge cu un cal.	Un bărbat conduce un cal ținându-l de căpăstru.	A man is walking with a horse.	A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
4.0	Niște hârtie este tăiată cu foarfeca.	O bucată de hârtie este tăiată.	Paper is being cut with scissors.	A piece of paper is being cut.
3.5	O persoană curăță creveți.	Doamna a decojit creveții.	A person peels shrimp.	The lady peeled the shrimp.
0.8	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat încearcă să citească ziarul.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man tries to read the paper.
0.8	Un bărbat face un pat într-un hotel.	Un bărbat ține un animal în brațe.	A man making a bed in a hotel.	A man is holding a animal.
1.75	Câinele a tras câinele de coadă și apoi l-a tras de picior.	O maimuță a tras un câine de coadă.	The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.	A monkey pulled a dogs tail.
3.0	O femeie bate două ouă într-un castron.	O persoană amestecă ingrediente într-un castron.	A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
0.0	Un bărbat sare coarda afară.	O femeie feliază un castravete.	A man is jumping rope outside.	A woman is slicing a cucumber.
0.0	O persoană feliază câteva cepe.	Un hamster cântă.	A person is slicing some onions.	A hamster is singing.
0.0	O femeie ține un cangur în brațe.	Un bărbat cu o pălărie cântă un cântec.	A woman holds a kangaroo.	A man in a hat sings a song.
3.8	Jucători de fotbal lovesc o minge de fotbal în poartă.	Un fotbalist înscrie un gol.	Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.	A soccer player scores a goal.
3.2	O femeie gătește ceva.	O femeie toarnă ingrediente într-o tigaie.	A woman is cooking something.	A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
3.2	O femeie înoată la plajă.	O femeie se bălăcește în valurile oceanului.	A woman is swimming in the beach.	A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
0.8	Un bărbat cară un alt bărbat.	Un bărbat stropește un alt bărbat cu apă dintr-un furtun.	A man is carrying another man.	A man sprays another man with water from a hose.
1.5	Femeia pune paste într-un vas.	O femeie scoate dintr-un castron un fel de substanță lipicioasă.	The woman is putting paste into a dish.	A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.
2.75	Un bărbat ridică și vorbește despre un tricou YouTube gri.	Un bărbat arată un tricou.	A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.	A man is showing a t shirt.
3.75	Cineva toarnă ulei de măsline într-un castron cu bucăți de roșii.	Bărbatul a turnat ulei pe feliile de roșii.	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.	The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
3.2	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Bărbatul a cântat la chitara lui cu un prieten.	A man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar with a friend.
0.8	Cineva fierbe niște degetele doamnei într-o oală.	Cineva toarnă ulei de măsline într-un castron cu bucăți de roșii.	Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
0.0	O persoană curăță un cartof.	O pisică linge o sticlă mică.	A person is peeling a potato.	A cat is licking a small bottle.
0.0	O pisică sare într-o cutie.	Un tânăr vorbește cu o frunză.	A cat is jumping into a box.	A young man is talking to a leaf.
1.4	Femeia condimentează uleiul.	O femeie toarnă ingrediente într-un castron.	The woman is seasoning the oil.	A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl.
3.2	O pisică alunecă cu susul în jos sub o canapea.	O pisică se târăște pe spate sub o piesă de mobilier.	A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.
2.2	O femeie dansează în timp ce un bărbat cântă la clape.	O femeie dansează pe o scenă.	A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.	A woman is dancing on a stage.
2.533	Un bucătar curăță un castron de supă.	Un bărbat șterge marginea unui castron.	A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.	A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
3.4	O explozie bubuie în deșert.	O armă nucleară explodează într-un deșert.	An explosion is booming in the desert.	A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert.
0.0	O femeie feliază o lămâie.	Un bărbat vorbește la un microfon.	A woman slices a lemon.	A man is talking into a microphone.
0.8	Un bărbat supraponderal sare coarda.	Un tânăr dansează.	An overweight man is skipping rope.	A young man is dancing.
3.2	Doamna a spart două ouă crude.	Femeia sparge ouă într-un castron.	The lady cracked two raw eggs.	The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
0.0	Un bărbat ascute un creion folosind un cuțit.	O femeie dansează în ploaie.	A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.	A woman is dancing in the rain.
0.0	Jucării din plastic plutesc în apă.	Doamnele fac un dans.	Plastic toys are floating in water.	The ladies are performing a dance.
3.0	Broasca țestoasă a urmărit peștii.	O broască țestoasă de mare vânează pești.	The turtle followed the fish.	A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
2.8	Femeia își aplică creion de ochi.	Fata folosește un creion pentru ochi pe pleoapă.	The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.	The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
0.0	Un bărbat își leagă pantoful.	Un câine merge călare pe umerii unui biciclist.	A man is tying his shoe.	A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
0.417	O femeie taie carne cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat întinde aluat.	A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is spreading out dough.
0.0	Un câine aleargă pe pământ.	O fată își tamponează unghiile de la degete.	A dog is running on the ground.	A girl is tapping her finger nails.
1.0	Un bărbat mângâie un câine legat.	Un bărbat își arată câinele la cameră.	A man is petting a tied up dog.	A man is showing his dog to the camera.
2.0	O femeie merge pe un teren deschis cu un câine de companie în timp ce alți câini îi urmează.	Un bărbat merge cu mai mulți câini.	A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.	A man is walking with several dogs.
0.0	O femeie mărunțește niște usturoi.	O persoană curăță un disc.	A woman is mincing some garlic.	A person is cleaning a disk.
2.5	Două echipe joacă fotbal.	Diferite grupe de echipe joacă fotbal pe un teren.	Two teams are playing soccer.	Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
2.0	O creatură ca un șobolan miroase împrejur.	Un animal merge pe jos.	A rat like creature is smelling around.	An animal is walking on the ground.
0.0	Doi luptători Sumo se luptă între ei.	Un bărbat stă călare pe o jucărie de apă în apă.	Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.	A man rides a water toy in the water.
0.0	Un bărbat se întinde pe pământ și țintește cu o pușcă.	Un bărbat întinde unt pe o tortilla.	A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.	A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
2.818	Un cuplu aleargă spre ocean.	Un bărbat și o femeie aleargă împreună, ținându-se de mână.	A couple are running towards the ocean.	A man and and woman are running together, holding hands.
3.533	O femeie toacă un ou fiert tare.	O persoană taie ouă fierte în bucăți.	A woman is chopping a hard egg.	A person is cutting boiled egg into pieces.
3.8	Doi roboți împărtășesc un sărut.	Un robot masculin și unul feminin se sărută.	Two robots share a kiss.	A male and female robot are kissing.
3.25	O pisică încearcă să atingă un câine.	Pisica l-a tachinat pe câine atingându-i capul.	A cat is trying to touch a dog.	The cat teased the dog by touching his head.
4.0	Rinocerul păștea pe iarbă.	Un rinocer paște pe un câmp.	The rhino grazed on the grass.	A rhino is grazing in a field.
0.0	Bărbatul și-a condus mașina roșie mică în jurul traficului.	Câinele a fugit în apă la plajă.	The man drove his little red car around the traffic.	The dog ran in the water at the beach.
1.0	Un om taie pâine.	Un bărbat face trucuri cu o minge de fotbal.	A man is cutting bread.	A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball.
2.6	O pisică lovește rapid un copil în cap.	O pisică și un băiat se joacă împreună.	A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.	A cat and a boy play together.
1.4	O pisică se joacă într-o cutie.	Câinele se joacă cu spălătorul de podele.	A cat is playing in a box.	The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.
3.2	Cuplul a dansat în biserică.	Un cuplu dansează dansuri lente.	The couple danced in the church.	A couple slow dances.
0.0	Un bărbat mângâie un aligator pe bot.	O persoană toarnă legume tocate într-o oală pe aragaz.	A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.	A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
0.0	O persoană verifică niște budincă de orez.	Un cal aleargă.	A person checks some rice pudding.	A horse is running.
0.0	O femeie amestecă două ouă într-un castron de sticlă.	O tânără cântă pe o scenă.	A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.	A young girl is singing on a stage.
0.0	Bărbatul cântă la tobe.	Un bărbat toarnă lichid de curățat în chiuvetă.	The man is playing the drums.	A man pours cleaner in his sink.
3.8	Un bărbat taie un ardei.	O persoană taie în bucăți un ardei verde mare.	A man is slicing a pepper.	A person cuts a big green pepper apart.
0.643	O femeie vorbește în limbajul semnelor.	O femeie condimentează niște fructe de mare.	A woman is speaking in sign language.	A woman spices some seafood.
0.0	Un băiat se târăște într-o cușcă de câine.	O pisică se joacă pe podea.	A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A cat is playing on the floor.
2.25	Fata și-a înălțat zmeul în timp ce alerga în sus pe un deal.	O fată își pierde zmeul.	The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.	A girl loses her kite.
1.25	O femeie pune mâncare într-o oală cu apă fierbinte.	O femeie prăjește carne.	A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.	A woman is frying meat.
3.4	O maimuță mică se plimbă prin apă.	O maimuță trece printr-o mlaștină.	A small monkey walks through water.	A monkey is wading across a marsh.
0.0	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă.	Un urs panda mănâncă.	A man is riding a bike.	A panda bear is eating.
0.2	Un tânăr cântă la pian și voce.	Bărbatul scrie o scrisoare.	A young man is singing and playing the piano.	The man is writing a letter.
0.5	Un băiat își scoate ochelarii de soare.	Un băiat țipă.	A boy takes off his sunglasses.	A boy is screaming.
0.0	O fată cântă la un pian.	Un băiat face flotări.	A girl is playing a piano.	A boy is doing push ups.
4.0	Doamna a feliat o roșie.	Cineva taie o roșie.	The lady sliced a tomatoe.	Someone is cutting a tomato.
0.0	Cineva ține un arici.	O ceapă este tăiată felii.	Someone is holding a hedgehog.	A onion is being sliced.
1.0	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie frige ananas.	A woman peels a potato.	A woman is grilling pineapples.
0.0	O pisică bea niște apă.	Un camion coboară pe un deal.	A cat is drinking some water.	A truck is going down a hill.
0.0	O persoană pune sare și piper pe o bucată de porc.	Un tânăr stă la un pian.	A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.	A youngster is sitting on a piano.
0.0	Bărbatul se așeză pe scaun și se uită fix.	Fetița își prinde părul într-o coadă de cal.	The man sat in his chair and stared.	The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.
1.8	O femeie taie un cartof în cubulețe.	O femeie taie tofu în bucăți mici.	A woman is dicing a potato.	A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
1.2	Un bebeluș se târăște fericit.	Un bebeluș a strănutat și a speriat un alt bebeluș.	A baby is crawling happily.	A baby sneezed and scared another baby.
0.6	O persoană prăjește niște carne în tigaie.	Un bărbat taie o legumă.	A person is frying a meat in the pan.	A man is cutting a vegetable.
0.25	Un bărbat se uită pe o fereastră.	O femeie înoată în apă.	A man is looking out of a window.	A woman is swimming in the water.
3.25	Un bărbat stând așezat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară acustică și cântă la un microfon.	A man seated is playing the guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
1.25	O femeie feliază o ceapă cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat pregătește un fel de mâncare.	A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.	A man is preparing some dish.
4.0	Un călăreț aleargă și sare cu calul său.	O femeie sare obstacole cu un cal.	A rider is running and jumping her horse.	A woman jumps hurdles on a horse.
3.25	Un băiat cântă la clape.	Un băiat stă într-o cameră și cântă la un pian la lumina lămpii.	A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
0.75	Doi bărbați se luptă.	Bărbatul face mișcare.	Two men are fighting.	The man is exercising.
3.25	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut de lemn, în timp ce alți câțiva bărbați cântă la tobe de bongo.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.	A man is playing a flute.
1.2	O persoană mângâie o maimuță.	Un bărbat ține o maimuță din specia loris lent.	A person is petting a monkey.	A man is holding a slow loris.
3.8	Doi iepuri de desene animate se sărută.	Un iepure sărută un alt iepure.	Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.	A rabbit is kissing another rabbit.
3.4	Ariciul mestecă prosopul.	Un arici mușcă de o pătură.	The hedgehog chewed on the towel.	A hedgehog is biting at a blanket.
0.0	O pisică se linge.	Un bărbat feliază o ceapă albă cu o răzătoare.	A cat is licking himself.	A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
3.5	Un porc de guinea mic roade și mănâncă o bucată de morcov pe podea.	Un porc guinea mănâncă un morcov.	A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.	A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
3.75	Patru băieți stau în fața mașinii în flăcări.	Patru tineri stau nemișcați în timp ce o mașină explodează în spatele lor.	Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.	Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
4.0	Un bărbat fumează.	Bărbatul s-a așezat îmbrăcat în costum și a fumat.	A man is smoking.	The man sat in his suit and smoked.
0.2	O femeie adaugă sos la niște mâncare.	O persoană taie frunze.	A woman is adding sauce to some food.	A person is cutting leaves.
0.0	Trei copii își mănâncă mâncarea.	Căprioara a sărit peste gard.	Three children are eating their food.	The deer jumped over the fence.
0.0	Un submarin merge prin apă.	Un bebeluș adoarme.	A submarine is going through water.	A baby is falling asleep.
0.8	Un bărbat aleargă pe o stradă.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A man is running on a street.	A man plays the guitar.
0.0	O persoană feliază o ceapă.	O pisică defechează într-o toaletă.	A person is slicing an onion.	A cat is pooping into a toilet.
0.0	Un bursuc sapă în noroi.	Un om mută pietre mari.	A badger is digging in the dirt.	A man is moving large rocks.
0.0	O femeie taie un ardei mare.	Un câine își mișcă botul.	A woman is slicing big pepper.	A dog is moving its mouth.
5.0	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă.	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă.	A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bike.
0.6	Un bărbat și o femeie se sărută.	Un bărbat și o femeie vorbesc.	A man and a woman are kissing each other.	A man and a woman are talking to each other.
4.2	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	O femeie taie o ceapă.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.
3.75	Un băiețel se joacă cu un câine.	Un bebeluș se joacă cu un câine.	A small boy is playing with a dog.	A baby is playing with a dog.
5.0	Bărbatul desenează.	Un bărbat desenează.	The man is drawing.	A man is drawing.
1.25	Un bărbat taie un cartof.	O femeie taie o roșie.	A man is cutting a potato.	A woman is cutting a tomato.
3.6	Un băiat cântă la o chitară.	Un copil cântă la o chitară.	A boy is playing a guitar.	A kid is playing a guitar.
5.0	O femeie taie o ceapă.	O femeie taie printr-o ceapă.	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting through an onion.
5.0	Un tren de jucărie lovește o mașină de jucărie.	Un tren de jucărie lovește o mașină de jucărie.	A toy train is striking a toy car.	A toy train strikes a toy car.
2.2	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.
5.0	O pisică deschide un sertar și urcă înăuntru.	O pisică deschide un sertar și urcă înăuntru.	A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
4.25	O femeie prăjește o mâncare.	O femeie prăjește mâncare într-o baie de ulei.	A woman is frying a food.	A woman is deep frying food.
2.5	Un bărbat taie o ceapă în cuburi.	O femeie taie o ceapă.	A man is dicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.
2.8	O fată cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.8	O fată cântă pe scenă.	Un bărbat cântă pe scenă.	A girl is singing on stage.	A man is singing on stage.
2.8	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	O femeie merge călare pe un măgar.	A woman is riding a horse.	A woman is riding a donkey.
2.8	O fată cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
5.0	O femeie periază niște creveți.	O femeie periază niște creveți.	A woman is brushing some shrimp.	A woman brushes some shrimp.
4.8	Un bărbat dansează pe tavan.	Un bărbat dansează pe tavanul unei camere.	A man is dancing on the ceiling.	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
4.2	O femeie feliază subțire o ceapă cu un cuțit mare.	O femeie feliază ceapele cu un cuțit mare.	A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.	A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
5.0	Un bărbat cântă la un set de clape.	Un bărbat cântă la un set de clape.	A man is playing a keyboard.	A man plays a keyboard.
5.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A man plays the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
5.0	O femeie descojește un cartof.	O femeie descojește un cartof.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman peels a potato.
3.75	O femeie se ocupă de o broască.	Un bărbat ține o broască.	A woman is handling a frog.	A man is holding a frog.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
1.583	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a flute.
1.778	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a piano.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
3.2	Două femei sunt pe o canapea.	Două femei se îmbrățișează pe o canapea.	Two women are on a couch.	Two women are hugging on a couch.
3.8	Cineva feliază un castravete.	Un bărbat feliază un castravete.	Someone is slicing a cucumber.	A man is slicing a cucumber.
4.4	Un pisoi se joacă cu o jucărie din frânghie albastră.	Un pisoi se joacă cu o jucărie.	A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.	A kitten is playing with a toy.
5.0	Câinele latră la jucărie.	Un câine latră la o jucărie.	The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at a toy.
3.5	O persoană pliază o tortilla.	Un bărbat pliază o tortilla.	A person folds a tortilla.	A man folds a tortilla.
4.0	O pisică bea lapte.	Un pisoi bea lapte.	A cat is drinking milk.	A kitten is drinking milk.
3.5	O persoană conduce o mașină.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A person is driving a car.	A man is driving a car.
4.4	O broască țestoasă merge.	O broască țestoasă merge.	A turtle is walking.	A tortoise is walking.
3.8	O vacă mănâncă iarbă.	O vacă mănâncă fân.	A cow is eating grass.	A cow is eating hay.
2.6	O femeie toacă broccoli.	O femeie toacă usturoi.	A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping garlic.
3.0	Un bărbat plânge.	Un bărbat țipă.	A man is crying.	A man is screaming.
5.0	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar.
3.667	Un bărbat taie o ceapă.	Un bărbat taie o pătlagină.	A man is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting a plantain.
2.333	Un bărbat feliază un cartof.	O femeie descojește un cartof.	A man is slicing a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.
4.0	O femeie bate cu degetele pe o masă.	O femeie bate din degete.	A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.	A woman is tapping her fingers.
4.4	Cineva fierbe okra într-o oală.	Cineva gătește okra într-o tigaie.	Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
0.2	Un bărbat fumează.	Un bărbat amestecă.	A man is smoking.	A man is mixing.
5.0	Bărbatul cântă la tobe.	Un bărbat cântă la tobe.	The man is playing the drums.	A man is playing drums.
5.0	Un bărbat se scufundă într-o piscină.	Un bărbat se scufundă într-o piscină.	A man dives into a pool.	A man is diving into a pool.
4.0	O femeie taie un praz.	O femeie feliază un praz.	A woman is cutting a leak.	A woman is slicing a leek.
4.6	Un băiețel cântă la o chitară.	Un băiat cântă la chitară.	A little boy is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing guitar.
2.6	O femeie dansează.	Bărbatul dansează.	A woman is dancing.	The man is dancing.
2.6	Femeile vorbesc.	Bărbații vorbesc.	Women are talking.	The men are talking.
2.6	O fată își pune gel în păr.	O femeie își pune gel pe păr.	A girl is putting gel in her hair.	A woman is putting gel on her hair.
2.2	Un copil cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A kid is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
1.7	Un grup de oameni mărșăluie pe loc.	Un grup de oameni dansează la un concert.	A group of people are marching in place.	A group of people are dancing in concert.
2.0	Femeia trage cu o mitralieră.	Bărbatul trage cu o armă.	The woman is shooting a machine gun.	The man is shooting a gun.
4.0	Un bărbat a cântat la pian.	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	A man played the piano.	A man plays a piano.
3.25	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	Cineva feliază o ceapă.	A woman is slicing an onion.	Someone is slicing a onion.
4.5	Un bărbat feliază un castravete.	Un bărbat taie castraveți.	A man is slicing a cucumber.	A man is cutting cucumbers.
2.6	O fată mănâncă o brioșă.	O femeie mănâncă o brioșă.	A girl is eating a cupcake.	A woman is eating a cupcake.
2.0	O femeie taie o ceapă.	Un bărbat toacă o ceapă.	A woman is cutting an onion.	A man is chopping an onion.
1.8	Bărbatul cântă la o chitară.	Un bebeluș cântă la o chitară.	The man is playing a guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar.
1.556	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la tobe.	A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.
4.5	Două fetițe vorbesc la telefon.	Două fete vorbesc la telefon.	Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Two girls talk on the phone.
4.0	Un bărbat taie o buturugă cu un topor.	Un bărbat taie un trunchi de copac cu un topor.	A man is chopping a log with an axe.	A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
1.6	O persoană taie un ardei gras în bucăți.	O persoană tăie un usturoi în bucăți.	A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.	A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
0.5	Un bărbat vorbește cu o femeie.	O femeie se plimbă cu un câine.	A man is talking with a woman.	A woman is walking with a dog.
1.4	Bărbatul merge.	Un bărbat vorbește.	The man is walking.	A man is talking.
1.6	Cineva toarnă ulei într-o tigaie.	Cineva toarnă lapte într-un blender.	Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.	Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
4.4	Un pisoi mic se joacă cu o minge.	Un pisoi se joacă cu o minge.	A small kitten is playing a ball.	A kitten is playing with a ball.
1.8	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O femeie cântă la un flaut.	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing a flute.
2.6	O fată cântă la o vioară.	O fată cântă la un flaut.	A girl is playing a violin.	A girl is playing a flute.
1.6	Un bărbat cântă două piane.	O pisică cântă la un pian.	A man is playing two pianos.	A cat is playing a piano.
3.0	Un bărbat face exerciții fizice.	O fată face exerciții fizice.	A man is exercising.	A girl is exercising.
2.0	O persoană feliază o scoică.	O persoană taie felii de caracatiță.	A person is slicing a scallop.	A person is slicing octopus.
2.0	Un bărbat și o femeie merg pe biciclete lor.	Un bărbat și o femeie merg cu o motocicletă.	A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.	A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
4.0	Doi bărbați se luptă într-o pășune de vaci.	Doi bărbați se luptă într-un țarc pentru vite.	Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.	Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
3.0	O femeie adaugă ulei într-o tigaie.	Un bărbat toarnă ulei într-o tigaie.	A woman is adding oil to a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.
4.4	O fată își face patul.	O fată tânără își face patul.	A girl makes up her bed.	A young girl makes her bed.
4.8	Pisica s-a jucat cu un pepene verde.	O pisică se joacă cu un pepene verde.	The cat played with a watermelon.	A cat is playing with a watermelon.
4.8	O fată sare pe o mașină.	O fată sare pe o mașină.	A girl jumps on a car.	A girl is jumping onto a car.
0.727	Un bărbat se roagă.	Un bărbat aleargă.	A man is praying.	A man is running.
0.0	O mașină parchează.	O pisică se joacă.	A car is parking.	A cat is playing.
1.25	Un bărbat aleargă.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man is running.	A man is dancing.
0.5	Un bărbat cântă.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man is singing.	A man is dancing.
3.25	Un bărbat duce un alt bărbat pe umărul său.	Un bărbat duce pe cineva pe umărul său.	A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.	A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
1.333	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie feliază o roșie.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
1.0	O femeie taie o roșie.	O femeie feliază un cartof.	A woman is cutting a tomato.	A woman is slicing a potato.
1.4	Cineva curăță un cartof.	Cineva feliază o roșie.	Someone is peeling a potato.	Someone is slicing a tomato.
1.333	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie feliază o roșie.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
5.0	Doi roboți se sărută.	Doi roboți se sărută.	Two robots kiss.	Two robots are kissing.
4.0	Doi băieți pe o canapea se joacă jocuri video.	Doi băieți joacă un joc video.	Two boys on a couch are playing video games.	Two boys are playing a video game.
4.4	O femeie stoarce o lămâie.	O femeie stoarce sucul dintr-o lămâie.	A woman is squeezing a lemon.	A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
1.2	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	Un bărbat feliază o roșie.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is slicing a tomato.
1.2	O femeie feliază un morcov.	Un bărbat feliază o roșie.	A woman is slicing a carrot.	A man is slicing a tomato.
1.25	O fată își coafează părul.	O fată își pilește unghiile.	A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is filing her nails.
5.0	Un bărbat coboară scările.	Un bărbat coboară pe o scară.	A man walking down the stairs.	A man walks down a staircase.
2.0	Două persoane merg cu o motocicletă.	Două persoane merg cu o bicicletă.	Two people are riding a motorcycle.	Two people are riding a bike.
2.2	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O femeie cântă la o chitară electrică.	A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing an electric guitar.
3.2	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară și din voce.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing a guitar and singing.	A man is playing a guitar.
1.5	Un om merge prin ploaie.	Un bărbat și o femeie se plimbă cu plăcere.	A man is walking in the rain.	A man and woman is walking in the grand.
4.75	Un cangur mănâncă.	Un cangur mănâncă.	A kangaroo is eating.	Kangaroo eating.
0.5	Un bărbat pescuiește.	Un bărbat face exerciții fizice.	A man is fishing.	A man is exercising.
0.067	O femeie înoată.	Un bărbat cântă.	A woman is swimming.	A man is singing.
1.6	O femeie mănâncă.	Un animal mănâncă.	A Woman is eating.	A animal is eating.
2.6	Un băiat și o fată dansează în ploaie.	Un bărbat și o femeie dansează în ploaie.	A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
4.875	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man is driving a car.	A man drives a car.
5.0	O femeie rade ceapă.	O femeie rade cepe.	A woman is grating onion.	A woman grates onions.
2.0	Doi cocoși se luptă.	Doi bărbați se luptă.	Two roosters are fighting.	Two men are fighting.
1.4	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
1.4	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
0.8	Un bărbat trage cu o armă.	Un bărbat feliază o chiflă.	A man is shooting a gun.	A man is slicing a bun.
2.0	O femeie taie o ceapă.	O femeie taie carne.	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting meat.
1.6	Femeia feliază ierburi.	Bărbatul feliază pâine.	The woman is slicing herbs.	The man is slicing bread.
3.0	Un băiat cântă la pian.	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	A boy is playing the piano.	A man is playing a piano.
3.615	Un pui de elefant mănâncă.	Un pui de elefant mănâncă un puiet.	A baby elephant is eating.	A baby elephant eats a sapling.
4.0	O femeie sparge ouă într-un castron.	O femeie sparge ouă.	A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	A woman is cracking eggs.
4.0	O persoană cântă la clape.	Un băiat cântă la niște clape.	A person is playing the keyboard.	A boy is playing a key-board.
3.333	Un băiat trăsnește un bărbat cu o sabie.	Un băiat plsesnește un bărbat cu o sabie de plastic.	A boy whacks a man with a sword.	A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
1.5	O persoană feliază un morcov în bucăți.	O persoană taie o ceapă în bucăți.	A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.	A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
4.4	Un bărbat a tăiat prin o grămadă de sticle de apă cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat taie o linie de sticle de apă cu un cuțit	A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.	A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
2.875	Un bărbat scrie într-o carte.	Un bărbat scrie pe o hârtie.	A man is writing in a book.	A man is writing on a paper.
2.2	O femeie feliază un usturoi.	O femeie feliază un ardei mare.	A woman is slicing a garlic.	A woman is slicing a big pepper.
0.2	O persoană face un pat.	O persoană mănâncă la o masă.	A person is making a bed.	A person is eating at a table.
1.8	Un bărbat cântă la clape.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	A man is playing keyboard.	A man is playing guitar.
1.6	Un bărbat cântă la o vioară.	Un bărbat cântă la o harpă.	A man is playing a violin.	A man is playing a harp.
0.2	Femeia fumează.	Bărbatul merge.	The woman is smoking.	The man is walking.
3.0	Bărbatul a șters ce avea celălalt bărbat pe tablă.	Bărbatul a șters munca de pe tablă.	The man erased what the other man had on the board.	The man erased the work on the board.
3.5	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă printr-un oraș.	A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
3.5	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă pe autostradă.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă.	A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
2.0	O femeie feliază niște carne.	O femeie feliază câteva cepe.	A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is slicing some onions.
5.0	O femeie taie broccoli.	O femeie taie broccoli.	A woman cuts up broccoli.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la un pian.	O femeie curăță un cartof.	A man is playing a piano.	A woman is peeling a potato.
3.2	Cineva feliază o roșie.	Cineva feliază fructe.	Someone is slicing a tomato.	Someone is slicing fruit.
3.25	O femeie dansează într-o cușcă.	O femeie dansează.	A woman is dancing in a cage.	A woman is dancing.
0.0	O femeie înoată.	Un bărbat scuipă.	A woman is swimming.	A man is spitting.
1.0	Un bărbat aleargă.	Un bărbat geme.	A man is running.	A man is mooing.
3.667	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	Bărbatul a cântat la chitara sa.	The man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar.
3.0	O pisică se uită fix la cameră.	O pisică se adresează camerei.	A cat stares into the camera.	A cat addresses the camera.
4.2	Bebelușul râde și se târăște.	Un bebeluș râde și se târăște pe podea.	The baby is laughing and crawling.	A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
4.091	O femeie trage cu o armă.	O femeie trage cu o pușcă.	A woman is shooting a gun.	A woman shoots a shotgun.
2.0	O femeie dansează în ploaie.	O femeie dansează în gară.	A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is dancing in railway station.
1.0	O femeie dansează.	O femeie face exerciții fizice.	A woman is dancing.	A woman is exercising.
3.8	Un copil cântă la un instrument.	Un băiețel cântă la un instrument de suflat.	A kid is playing an instrument.	A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
4.0	Cineva taie o sticlă cu o sabie.	Un bărbat sparge o sticlă cu o sabie.	Someone slices a bottle with a sword.	A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
1.8	O femeie taie un măr.	O femeie taie cartofi.	A woman is cutting an apple.	A woman is cutting potato.
5.0	Bărbatul descojește un măr.	Un bărbat descojește un măr.	The man is peeling an apple.	A man peels an apple.
1.0	Omul cântă la chitară.	Bărbatul se joacă cu un craniu.	The man is playing the guitar.	The man is playing with a skull.
3.0	Un animal merge pe jos.	Un solenodon merge de-a lungul pământului.	An animal is walking on the ground.	A solenodon is walking along the ground.
2.6	O fetiță cântă la un pian mare pe scenă.	O fetiță cântă la pian.	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.	A little girl is playing the piano.
3.4	Un grup de oameni dansează.	Un grup de bărbați dansează.	a group of people dancing	A group of men are dancing.
2.0	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	O femeie cântă la chitară.	A man plays a guitar.	A woman is playing guitar.
4.2	O pisică se leagănă pe un ventilator de tavan.	O pisică este învârtită de un ventilator de tavan.	A cat swings on a ceiling fan.	A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
3.8	O femeie cântă la flaut.	O fată cântă la un flaut.	A woman is playing the flute.	A girl is playing a flute.
4.4	Femeia toacă ceapă.	O femeie taie o ceapă.	The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is cutting an onion.
4.2	O maimuță periază un bulldog.	O maimuță periază un câine.	A monkey is brushing a bull dog.	A monkey brushes a dog.
1.2	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	O femeie taie un cartof.	A woman is slicing a onion.	A woman is cutting a potato.
1.2	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	O femeie cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing a guitar.
0.8	O femeie se spală pe mâini.	O femeie își îndreaptă părul.	A woman is washing her hands.	A woman is straightening her hair.
3.2	O femeie trage cu o pușcă.	O femeie trage cu o armă.	A woman fires a shotgun.	A woman is shooting a gun.
4.0	Un bărbat mănâncă un castron de cereale.	Bărbatul mănâncă cereale.	A man is eating a bowl of cereal.	The man is eating cereal.
4.4	O femeie face baie în cadă.	O femeie face o baie.	A woman is bathing into bath-tub.	A woman is taking a bath.
4.2	Un motociclist se accidentează pe motocicleta sa.	O persoană se accidentează pe o motocicletă.	A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.	A person crashes on a motorcycle.
3.2	Un bărbat atârnă un șoarece lângă un șarpe.	Un bărbat hrănește un șarpe cu un șoarece.	A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.	A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
3.4	Un bărbat și o femeie se plimbă prin pădure.	Un bărbat și o femeie se plimbă prin junglă.	A man and a woman are walking in the woods.	A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
4.0	O persoană toarnă niște budincă de orez într-un castron.	Doamna a turnat budinca de orez într-un castron.	A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.	The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
4.8	Un bărbat privește fix pe o fereastră.	Un bărbat privește pe fereastră.	A man stares out a window.	A man looks out the window.
0.2	O femeie trage cu o carabină.	O femeie taie o lămâie.	A woman is firing a rifle.	A woman is cutting a lemon.
1.8	Un bărbat mănâncă o banană.	Cineva descojește o banană.	A man is eating a banana.	Someone is peeling a banana.
2.6	Bărbații joacă pe scenă.	Mimii comici au jucat pe scenă.	The men are performing on stage.	The comedic mimes performed on stage.
2.8	O femeie de desene animate plonjează într-o piscină.	O femeie de desene animate plonjează de pe o scândură.	A cartoon woman dives into a pool.	A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
5.0	Doamna a pus bebelușul într-un coș de gunoi.	O femeie pune un bebeluș într-un coș de gunoi.	The lady put the baby int a trashcan.	A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
0.25	Cineva prăjește carne.	Cineva cântă la pian.	Someone is frying meat.	Someone is playing paino.
3.75	Un bărbat toacă rapid câteva ciuperci folosind un cuțit.	O persoană toacă rapid ciuperci cu un cuțit.	A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.	A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
1.75	O femeie adaugă ingrediente într-un castron.	O femeie sparge trei ouă într-un castron.	A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.	A woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl.
3.5	Un skateboarder face trucuri pe o rampă concavă.	Un bărbat se dă cu skateboardul pe o rampă concavă.	A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.	A man skateboards on a half pipe.
3.4	Un bărbat vorbește pe o scenă.	Un bărbat vorbește de la un podium.	A man is speaking on a stage.	A man is speaking at a podium.
1.4	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	Un bărbat cu o pălărie cântă la o harpă.	A man is playing a guitar.	A man in a hat is playing a harp.
1.4	Un bărbat cântă la clapele sale.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is playing on his keyboard.	A man is playing a guitar.
1.0	O persoană taie un cartof.	O persoană tăie o hașmă.	A person is cutting a potato.	A person is slicing a shallot.
4.6	Un bărbat dansează pe tavanul unei camere.	Un bărbat dansează cu capul în jos pe tavan.	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
0.4	Doi bărbați dansează.	Două femei fac cumpărături.	Two men are dancing.	Two women are shopping.
3.6	Cineva condimentează ouă.	Cineva condimentează două ouă crude într-un castron.	Someone is seasoning eggs.	Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
1.25	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o frânghie.	Un gibon se leagănă în copaci.	A man is swinging in a rope.	A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
1.5	Un bărbat taie roșii.	O femeie taie broccoli.	A man is cutting tomatoes.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
1.0	O femeie fierbe creveți.	O femeie se piaptănă.	A woman is boiling shrimp.	A woman is combing her hair.
3.75	Un bărbat taie un cartof.	Un bărbat feliază un cartof.	A man cuts a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.
3.25	Un bărbat dansează în drum.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man is dancing on the road.	A man is dancing.
4.0	Cerbul a sărit peste gard.	Un cerb sare peste un gard de sârmă.	The deer jumped over the fence.	A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
3.0	O fată dansează în ploaie.	O femeie dansează în ploaie.	A girl dances in the rain.	A woman is dancing in the rain.
1.667	O femeie scrie o scrisoare.	O femeie stă la un birou.	A woman is writing a letter.	A woman is sitting at a desk.
3.333	O gorilă cântă la tobe.	O maimuță cântă la tobe.	A gorilla is playing the drums.	A monkey is playing drums.
0.5	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	O femeie culege roșii.	A woman is riding on a horse.	A woman is picking tomatoes.
3.75	Băiatul a tăiat iarba de lângă bordură cu foarfeca.	Un băiat taie iarba cu foarfeca.	The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.	A boy cuts grass with scissors.
3.25	Un bărbat cu ochelari vorbește.	Un bărbat într-o bibliotecă vorbește.	A man with glasses is talking.	A man in a library is talking.
1.0	O femeie taie câteva flori.	O femeie taie broccoli.	A woman is cutting some flowers.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
3.5	O persoană merge la vale pe o cărare de piatră.	Un bărbat merge la vale pe un trotuar.	A person is walking down a stone path.	A man is walking down a sidewalk.
4.4	Un bărbat cântă la clape cu nasul său.	Bărbatul cântă la pian cu nasul său.	A man plays the keyboard with his nose.	The man is playing the piano with his nose.
0.4	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	O pisică se joacă.	A man is playing guitar.	A cat is playing.
0.4	Un animal mănâncă.	Animalul țopăie.	A animal is eating.	The animal is hopping.
4.2	Un bărbat ridică greutăți.	Un bărbat ridică o bară.	A man is lifting weights.	A man is lifting a barbell.
2.5	Un bărbat aleargă cu un autobuz.	Un bărbat aleargă cu un camion.	A man is running with a bus.	A man runs with a truck.
0.25	Un bărbat urcă o frânghie.	Un bărbat stă pe o piatră.	A man is climbing a rope.	A man is sitting on a rock.
0.25	O pisică cântă la pian.	O pisică își linge laba.	A cat is playing the piano.	A cat is licking its paw.
0.25	O femeie dansează în ploaie.	O femeie adaugă ulei unei mâncări.	A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is adding oil to a dish.
2.6	Bărbați participă la o cursă.	Atleții aleargă pe o pistă.	Men are running a race.	Racers are running down a track.
1.8	Un bărbat taie roșii în bucăți.	O femeie taie cartofi.	A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting potatoes.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	O femeie aplică tuș de ochi.	A man is playing a flute.	A woman is applying eye liner.
1.2	O femeie taie cartofi.	O femeie feliază morcovi.	A woman is cutting potatoes.	A woman is slicing carrots.
3.6	Un pui lovește cu ciocul un șoarece mort.	Un cocoș lovește cu ciocul un șoarece mort.	A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.	A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
1.2	Femeia feliază subțire un castravete.	Femeia feliază o roșie.	The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.	The woman is slicing a tomato.
3.2	O persoană taie bucăți de pâine.	Un bărbat feliază pâine.	A person is slicing a bread pieces.	A man is slicing bread.
2.2	O femeie taie un dovlecel.	O femeie taie un ardei mare.	A woman is cutting a squash.	A woman is cutting big pepper.
0.8	O femeie adaugă ulei pe niște pești.	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is riding a horse.
1.6	O femeie rade morcovi.	O femeie învelește un cotlet de porc.	A woman is grating carrots.	A woman is coating a pork chop.
2.8	Cineva curăță un animal.	O femeie curăță un crevete.	Someone is cleaning a animal.	A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
3.2	Un bărbat vorbește la telefon.	Un bărbat vorbește.	A man is talking on the phone.	A man is talking.
0.8	O femeie fumează.	O femeie face ceva de mâncare.	A woman is smoking.	A woman is making some food.
3.8	Un bărbat stă culcat și trage cu o armă.	Un bărbat stă culcat pe pământ trăgând cu o pușcă.	A man laying down and shooting a gun	A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
0.0	Un bărbat este urcat într-o ambulanță.	Un bărbat toarnă paste pe o farfurie.	A man is being put into an abulance.	A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
0.667	Un bărbat sare într-o piscină.	Un bărbat cântă la un microfon.	A man is diving into a swimming pool.	A man is singing into a microphone.
5.0	Un bărbat trage cu o pușcă.	Un bărbat trage cu o pușcă.	A man is firing a shot gun.	A man shoots a shotgun.
1.8	Un om cântă la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A man playing the guitar.	A man is playing a flute.
0.4	Un bărbat descojește un cartof.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is peeling potato.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.0	Femeia merge călare pe un cal.	Un bărbat merge călare pe un cal într-o arenă.	The woman is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in an arena.
2.8	Un avion se mișcă de-a lungul unei piste.	Un avion aterizează pe o pistă.	An airplane moves along a runway.	A plane is landing on a runway.
0.8	O femeie alunecă în cada cu apă.	O femeie zace pe o plută.	A woman is slipping in the water-tub.	A woman is lying in a raft.
0.8	Un bărbat tunde un gazon.	Un bărbat amestecă.	A man is mowing a lawn.	A man is mixing.
0.75	O femeie curăță un cartof.	O femeie lovește un bărbat.	A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is hitting a man.
0.75	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	Un bărbat stă întins pe pământ.	A man is playing piano.	A man is laying on the ground.
1.0	O femeie face balet.	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	A woman is doing ballet.	A woman is riding on a horse.
0.8	O femeie taie o ceapă.	O femeie vâslește o barcă.	A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is rowing a boat.
2.769	O femeie amestecă orez într-o oală.	Cineva pune orez într-o tigaie.	A woman is stirring rice in a pot.	Someone is putting rice in a pan.
2.4	O femeie pune hălci de carne într-o tigaie.	Un bărbat pune bucăți de carne într-o pungă de plastic.	A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.	A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
4.4	Băiatul a cântat la trompeta sa.	Un băiat cântă la trompetă.	The boy played his trumpet.	A boy is playing the trumpet.
1.8	O persoană merge călare pe cal.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă.	A person is riding a horse.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
1.4	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	O femeie taie un morcov.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting a carrot.
2.25	Un bărbat feliază legume.	O femeie feliază un cartof.	A man is slicing vegetables.	A woman is slicing a potato.
0.25	O pisică se joacă.	O femeie cântă la flaut.	A cat is playing.	A woman is playing flute.
3.25	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă.	Un bărbat merge cu o bicicletă în jurul unei parcări.	A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
4.5	O formație cântă pe o scenă.	O formație cântă pe o scenă.	A band is performing on a stage.	A band is playing and singing on a stage.
0.8	Femeia feliază tort de pește.	Femeia merge călare pe un cal.	The woman is slicing fish cake.	The woman is riding a horse.
0.8	Un bărbat mănâncă pâine.	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	A man is eating bread.	A man is playing flute.
0.8	O femeie gătește creveți.	O femeie dansează.	A woman is cooking shrimp.	A woman is dancing.
0.25	O femeie dansează.	O femeie feliază ghimbir.	A woman is dancing.	A woman is slicing ginger.
3.5	O femeie aruncă o pisică în aer, iar pisica atârnă de o tijă pe tavan.	O persoană aruncă o pisică în aer și aceasta se apucă de tavan.	A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.	A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
4.25	O broască țestoasă mare merge.	Broasca țestoasă merge.	A big turtle is walking.	The tortoise is walking.
0.5	Un om arde un steag.	Un bărbat trage cu o armă.	A man is burning a flag.	A man is shooting a gun.
0.0	Bărbatul împinge duba.	Femeia cântă.	The man is pushing the van.	The woman is singing.
0.5	Un bărbat mănâncă lemn.	Un bărbat adaugă ulei la mașină.	A man is eating wood.	A man is adding oil to car.
0.6	Un câine vorbește la cameră.	Un câine mănâncă niște de pepene verde.	A dog is speaking to the camera.	A dog is eating some water melon.
2.2	Un bărbat pune două prosoape de hârtie pe o farfurie de hârtie.	Un bărbat pune hârtii pe un vas.	A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.	A man is putting papers on a dish.
3.2	Un bărbat și o femeie merg.	Un bărbat și o femeie care umblă se țin reciproc.	A man and woman are walking.	A man and woman walking hold each other.
4.4	Un bărbat taie o frânghie cu o sabie.	Bărbatul a tăiat printr-o frânghie groasă cu o sabie.	A man is cutting a rope with a sword.	The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
3.0	Omul cântă din voce și la chitară.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	The man is singing and playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
2.583	Un bărbat taie o hârtie.	O persoană rupe hârtie.	A man is cutting a paper.	A person is tearing paper.
0.0	Un bărbat dansează.	Un șobolan aleargă.	A man is dancing.	A rat is running.
1.8	Doi băieți vorbesc la telefon.	O femeie vorbește la un telefon.	Two boys are talking on the phone.	A woman is talking on a telephone.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	O femeie descojește un tubercul.	A man is playing guitar.	A woman is peeling a tuber.
1.4	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	O femeie feliază lămâi.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A women slicing lemons.
0.0	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	Un bărbat aleargă pe frânghie.	A woman is riding a horse.	A man is running on rope.
0.4	Un bărbat joacă fotbal.	Un om desenează câteva figuri.	A man is playing soccer.	A man is drawing some figures.
0.0	O femeie descojește o portocală.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut.	A woman is peeling an orange.	A man is playing a flute.
3.0	Cineva sparge un ou.	Un bărbat sparge un ou.	Someone is cracking an egg open.	A man is breaking an egg.
2.0	Un bărbat taie un șarpe pentru a-l găti.	O femeie taie carne.	A man is cutting a snake to cook.	A woman is cutting meat.
0.0	O femeie răzuiește un morcov.	Un bărbat lovește oale de lut.	A woman is scraping a carrot.	A man is striking clay pots.
1.667	Un bărbat și o femeie dansează ca în filmele indiene.	Un bărbat și o femeie dansează în ploaie.	A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.	A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
1.0	O femeie taie flori.	Un bărbat ține flori uriașe de floarea-soarelui.	A woman is cutting flowers.	A man is holding huge sunflowers.
0.0	Bărbatul a dansat în restaurant.	Bomba a explodat în deșert.	The man danced in the diner.	The bomb exploded in the desert.
4.2	Drapelul american se flutură.	Un steag american este suflat de vânt.	American flag is waving.	A American flag is blowing in the wind.
2.6	Un leu se plimbă într-o zonă închisă.	Un leu se plimbă.	A lion is walking in an enclosed area.	A lion is walking around.
0.25	O femeie feliază o lămâie.	Un om arată o pâine.	A woman is slicing a lemon.	A man is showing a bread.
0.4	O femeie cântă la flaut.	O femeie feliază niște ton.	A woman is playing the flute.	A woman is slicing some tuna.
3.5	Câinele latră la jucărie.	Un câine latră la o rață electronică de jucărie.	The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
3.5	O femeie adaugă un ou și amestecă.	O femeie amestecă un ou într-un castron.	A woman is adding an egg and stirring.	A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
3.0	O femeie acoperă o bucată de carne cu făină.	O femeie condimentează o bucată de carne.	A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
3.4	O pisică albă cocoțată pe un mic dulap de lemn privește pe fereastră.	O pisică, cocoțată pe o masă, privește pe fereastră.	A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.	A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.
3.6	Un bărbat face exerciții de podea.	Un bărbat face mișcare.	A man does floor exercises.	A man is exercising.
1.0	Un bărbat feliază un cartof.	Un bărbat descojește o banană.	A man is slicing a potatoe.	A man is peeling a banana.
3.6	Cineva cântă la pian.	O persoană cântă la un pian electric.	Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing a keyboard piano.
2.8	Femeia îl machiază pe bărbat.	O femeie pictează fața unui bărbat.	The woman is putting makeup on the man.	A woman is painting the face of a man.
4.0	Femeia a vărsat vinete în tigaie.	O femeie pune vinete tocate într-o tigaie.	The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.	A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
3.4	Un bărbat cântă la o trompetă.	Un bărbat cântă la un instrument muzical.	A man plays a trumpet.	A man is playing a musical instrument.
2.667	O femeie feliază o lămâie.	O femeie, într-o bucătărie, descojește o lămâie.	A woman is slicing a lemon.	A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
3.0	Un tigru încearcă să urce pe perete.	Un leu încearcă să urce peste un zid.	A tiger trys to climb the wall.	A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
4.667	Un bărbat pregătește o frânghie de spânzurat.	Un bărbat leagă un laț.	A man is preparing a hanging rope.	A man is tying a noose.
3.2	O femeie dansează pe o scenă.	O femeie dansează.	A woman dances on a stage.	A woman is dancing.
0.2	Fata merge călare pe cal.	Fata pulverizează plantele cu apă.	The girl is riding the horse.	The girl is spraying the plants with water.
1.2	O persoană prăjește.	O persoană curăță un cartof.	A person is frying.	A person is peeling a potato.
0.8	Un bărbat trage cu un pistol.	O femeie toacă usturoi.	A man is shooting a pistol.	A woman is chopping garlic.
0.8	O femeie își leagănă brațele.	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	A woman is swinging her arms.	A woman is slicing an onion.
0.75	Un bărbat se plimba afară.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man is walking outside.	A man is dancing.
0.25	Un bărbat își usucă mâinile.	O femeie își aranjează părul.	A man dries his hands.	A woman fixes her hair.
3.25	Un jucător de fotbal șutează mingea în poartă de la distanță.	Un jucător de fotbal șutează în poartă.	A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.	A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
3.333	O fată cântă la pian.	O fetiță cântă un pian cu coadă pe scenă.	A girl is playing the piano.	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
3.333	Un om desenează câteva figuri.	Un bărbat desenează pe o tablă digitală.	A man is drawing some figures.	A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
2.0	Maimuța atârnă din copaci.	Maimuța s-a legănat din ramură în ramură.	The monkey is hanging from the trees.	The monkey swung from branch to branch.
3.0	Câțiva copii sar pe trambulină.	Doi băieți se joacă pe o trambulină.	Some children are jumping on Trampoline.	Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
4.0	O femeie cu un cuțit feliază un ardei.	O femeie feliază ardei verde.	A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.	A women slicing green pepper.
2.0	Un bărbat adaugă ulei în mașină.	Un bărbat pune gel anti-îngheț într-o mașină.	A man is adding oil to car.	A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
0.4	Un bărbat feliază un morcov cu o mașină.	Un bărbat se cațără pe o frânghie.	A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.	A man is climbing a rope.
3.2	Un băiat a cântat la clape.	O persoană cântă la clapele de la un pian.	A boy played a keyboard.	A person is playing a piano keyboard.
0.4	O pisică se joacă cu o antenă.	Un băiat se joacă în noroi.	A cat is playing with an antenna.	A boy is playing in the mud.
2.0	O femeie feliază dovleac.	O persoană feliază pepene galben.	A woman is slicing pumpkin.	A person is slicing cantaloupe.
4.5	Oamenii au aruncat manechinul peste marginea stâncii.	Niște oameni aruncă un manechin de pe o stâncă.	The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.	Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
0.5	Se trage cu o armă.	Un cartof este descojit.	A gun is being fired.	A potato is being peeled.
0.5	O femeie taie o foaie de plastic.	O femeie cântă la o chitară pe străzi.	A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
4.0	O femeie taie un ananas.	O femeie taie un ananas în bucăți.	A woman cuts a pineapple.	A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
3.75	O femeie adaugă condimente pe o carne.	O femeie adaugă ingrediente cărnii de vită.	A woman is adding spices on a meat.	A woman adds ingredients to beef.
4.25	O persoană adaugă ulei în tigaie.	Bucătarul toarnă ulei în tigaie.	A person is adding oil in the pan.	The cook pouring oil into the pan.
3.75	Un bucătar condimentează niște aluat.	Un bărbat condimentează niște aluat într-o tavă.	A cook seasons some dough.	A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
2.75	Un băiat aleargă pe o plajă.	Doi băieți se joacă pe plajă.	A boy is running on a beach.	Two boys are playing in the beach.
3.25	Un bebeluș de maimuță se scarpină.	Maimuța și-a scărpinat burta.	A baby monkey scratches itself.	The monkey scratched his tummy.
0.8	Un băiat merge cu o bicicletă pe o poartă.	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	A boy is riding a bike on a gate.	A woman is riding a horse.
0.25	Un bărbat face un truc cu cărți.	Un bărbat stoarce apă.	A man is doing a card trick.	A man is squeezing water.
0.75	Un bărbat cântă la pian.	Cineva cântă la chitară.	A man is playing the piano.	Someone is playing guitar.
4.8	Un bărbat tunde iarbă.	Un tip tunde gazonul.	A man is mowing grass.	A guy is mowing the lawn.
0.8	O persoană amestecă apă și făină.	O persoană face autostopul pe un drum.	A person is mixing water and flour.	A person is hitchhiking on a road.
0.0	Cei doi câini erau în padoc.	Cowboyul și-a călărit calul în deșert.	The two dogs were in the pen.	The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
3.0	Un bărbat merge pe o motocicletă într-o roată.	O persoană face trucuri pe o motocicletă.	A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
3.75	O pisică deschide un sertar și se urcă înăuntru.	O pisică mare deschide un sertar din plastic cu labele și apoi sare înăuntru.	A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
0.0	Un bărbat deschide o cutie folosind un cuțit.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is opening a box using a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.25	Un bărbat dă cu piciorul multă apă.	O femeie feliază un ardei roșu.	A man is kicking oots of water.	A woman is slicing a red pepper.
0.0	Un bărbat mănâncă.	O femeie urcă pe stânci.	A man is eating.	A woman is rock climbing.
3.5	Un cățeluș se rostogolește în mod repetat dintr-o parte în alta în timp ce se află pe spate.	Un câine se rostogolește dintr-o parte în alta.	A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.	A dog is rolling from side to side.
3.25	Un tânăr cântă la o chitară și cu vocea.	Un copil cântă la chitară.	A young boy sings and plays a guitar.	A kid plays the guitar.
0.4	Femeia descojește lămâie.	Bărbatul se echilibrează pe fir.	The woman is peeling lemon.	The man is balancing on the wire.
0.8	Un bărbat cântă la trompetă.	Cineva se joacă cu o broască.	A man is playing the trumpet.	Someone is playing with a toad.
1.6	Un câine se uită în jur.	Un câine se uită la tejgheaua unui magazin.	A dog is looking around	A dog is watching a store counter.
1.2	O femeie feliază o ceapă.	Un bărbat este prezentat felind un morcov cu un cuțit.	A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
4.2	Bărbatul a făcut găuri în lemn.	Un bărbat găurește lemn.	The man drilled holes into the wood.	A man drills wood.
0.2	Cineva taie un cerc dintr-o foaie de hârtie roz.	Cineva toarnă sos de roșii într-o oală cu carne.	Someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper.	Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
0.2	Un bărbat cântă la flaut.	Un bărbat mângâie un câine legat.	A man is playing flute.	A man is petting a tied up dog.
0.5	Un bărbat pune carne într-o pungă.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man is placing meat in a bag.	A man is drivong a car.
0.0	O fată mănâncă o brioșă.	Un bărbat cântă la o trompetă.	A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is playing a trumpet.
4.5	Un iepure adulmecă și pipăie cu labele un iepure împăiat.	Un iepure viu se joacă cu un iepuraș de pluș.	A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.	A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
0.0	Un bărbat întinde unt pe pâine.	O femeie merge călare pe un cal.	A man is buttering bread.	A woman is ridint a horse.
0.75	O femeie stoarce niște felii de castravete.	O femeie se afundă în nămol verde.	A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.	A woman is getting doused in green slime.
4.0	Un bărbat scoate interiorul unui ardei verde.	Cineva scoate semințele dintr-un ardei gras.	A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.	Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
2.75	Un bărbat scoate o bucată de pizza cu pepperoni dintr-o cutie de pizza și o pune pe capac după ce închide cutia.	Bărbatul a scos din cutie o bucată de pizza cu pepperoni.	A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.	The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
3.4	Bărbatul a adăugat legume la zeama din oală.	Un bărbat adaugă legume feliate într-un vas de gătit cu apă.	The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.	A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
3.4	Bărbatul a alergat și a sărit pe perete.	Un bărbat sare într-un perete.	The man ran and jumped against the wall.	A man jumps into a wall.
2.4	Bărbatul condimentează cârnații.	Bărbatul a adăugat condimente în apă într-un castron.	The man is seasoning the sausages.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
3.0	Un clovn cântă și oameni dansează.	Un clovn cântă.	A clown is singing and people are dancing.	A clown is singing.
0.4	O femeie hrănește un aardvark.	O femeie toacă usturoi.	A woman is feeding an aardvark.	A woman is chopping up garlic.
3.929	O persoană clătește o carne de friptură cu apă.	Un bărbat clătește o bucată de carne de friptură mare.	A person is rinsing a steak off with water.	A man is rinsing a large steak.
3.0	Un băiat a mers cu bicicleta deasupra unui gard metalic.	Un biciclist BMX se plimbă de-a lungul vârfului unui gard.	A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.	A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
1.75	Un bărbat aruncă cuțite spre un copac.	Un bărbat arată magie.	A man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is showing magic.
2.6	Fete merg pe scenă.	Femeile model merg pe un podium.	Girls are walking on the stage.	Women models are walking down a catwalk.
3.5	O femeie face exerciții cu greutăți.	O femeie face exerciții fizice cu o bară.	A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is exercising with a barbell.
0.5	Un bărbat curăță un cartof.	Un bărbat face drumeții.	A man is peeling a potato.	A man is hiking.
3.5	O pasăre mare stând pe o masă ia un pahar de plastic ce conține lichid și îl pune într-un castron care conține ceva.	O pasăre ridică un pahar de plastic care conține un lichid cu ciocul și pune paharul într-un castron.	A large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something.	A bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it's beak and puts the cup into a bowl.
0.0	O femeie este în ploaie.	O mașină circulă de-a lungul drumului.	A woman is in the rain.	A car is driving along the road.
0.0	O femeie lovește un bărbat.	Un bărbat ține un loris lent.	A woman is hitting a man.	A man is holding a slow loris.
0.0	O femeie călărește un elefant.	Un bărbat se ridică.	A woman is riding an elephant.	A man is lifting himself.
1.0	Un bărbat ridică greutăți.	O femeie își antrenează abdomenul.	A man is lifting weights.	A woman is exercising her abs.
2.0	O persoană merge pe un jetski pe valuri.	O femeie călărește pe un seadoo.	A person is riding a jetski in the waves.	A woman is riding a seadoo.
0.6	O femeie poartă căști.	O femeie toacă niște frunze de shiso.	A woman is wearing headphones.	A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
4.0	Un pisoi își mănâncă mâncarea dintr-o farfurie.	Un pisoi mănâncă niște mâncare.	A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kitten eats some food.
0.5	O femeie citește o revistă mondenă.	O femeie feliază o bucată de carne în bucăți.	A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.	A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
2.5	Un bărbat toarnă chili într-un castron.	Un bărbat deschide o conservă și toarnă conținutul într-un castron.	A man is pouring chili into a bowl.	A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
3.25	Pasărea a mâncat mâncarea din copac dintr-un castron.	O pasăre mănâncă dintr-un castron.	The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.	A bird is eating from a bowl.
2.0	Un grup de fete ies dintr-un taxi.	Un videoclip cu Rihanna ieșind dintr-un taxi.	A group of girls are exiting a taxi.	A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
0.0	O femeie condimentează o bucată de carne.	Un bărbat încarcă o pușcă cu gloanțe.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.	A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
0.8	Un bărbat toacă frunze de coriandru.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A man is chopping coriander leaf.	A man is playing a guitar.
0.8	Un bărbat ia o felie de pizza.	Un bărbat vorbește la telefonul său mobil.	A man takes a slice of pizza.	A man talks on his cell phone.
0.4	Un bărbat așează carne într-o pungă de plastic.	O femeie poartă un wallaby într-o geantă.	A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.	A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
0.0	Un rabin vorbește.	Un om merge pe o sârmă.	A rabbi is talking.	A man is walking on a rope.
0.0	Un bărbat călarește un cal.	O femeie freacă piciorul unui bebeluș.	A man rides a horse.	A woman rubs a baby's leg.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Cineva se întinde.	A man is playing guitar.	Smeone is laying down.
0.4	Un bărbat feliază o chiflă.	Un bărbat sparge oale.	A man is slicing a bun.	A man is breaking pots.
0.0	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	O femeie scufundă un crevete în aluat.	A man is driving a car.	A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
3.6	Un câine lovește cu labele o muscă din covorul din fața lui.	Câinele s-a jucat cu un gândac pe covor.	A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.	The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
0.231	Un câine latră.	Un avion zboară.	A dog is barking.	A jet is flying.
0.0	O maimuță merge pe un pat.	Un bărbat călărește un cal.	A monkey is walking on a bed.	A man is riding a horse.
0.5	O femeie gătește broccoli.	Un bărbat își mănâncă mâncarea.	A woman is cooking broccoli.	A man is eating his food.
0.0	Un bărbat prăjește o tortilla.	O persoană face un truc de cărți.	A man is frying a tortilla.	A person is performing a card trick.
2.75	O femeie servește mingea de volei peste o plasă.	O femeie predă mingi de volei unei alte femei care le servește.	A woman serving volleyballs over a net.	One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.
0.75	Un bărbat feliază castravete cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat gătește o tortilla într-o tigaie.	A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.	A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
1.25	Un bărbat cântă la clape electronice.	O trupă cântă la instrumente.	A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A band is playing instruments.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la o vioară.	Bebelușul râde și se târăște.	A man is playing a violin.	The baby is laughing and crawling.
3.75	Un bărbat taie vârful unei cizme de piele goală folosind o sabie.	Un bărbat taie o cizmă cu o sabie.	A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
5.0	Persoana curăță solzii de la pește.	O persoană curăță solzii la un pește.	The person is removing the scales from the fish.	A person is descaling a fish.
0.0	Oamenii se plimbă în grădină.	Un băiat vorbește cu alt bărbat.	People are walking in the garden.	One boy is talking with other man.
3.2	Un copil mic merge călare pe un cal.	Fetița a călărit pe un cal.	A young child rides a horse.	The little girl rode a horse.
0.75	O persoană taie usturoiul în bucăți cu un cuțit.	Cineva pune ingrediente într-un wok.	A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.	Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
0.5	Un bărbat împăturește o bucată de hârtie.	Un bărbat taie un recipient de plastic cu o sabie.	A man is folding a piece of paper.	A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
2.5	Bărbatul a fost împins în apă.	Un bărbat împinge alt bărbat în ocean.	The man was pushed into the water.	A man pushes another man into the ocean.
1.75	Un băiat este supărat jucând jocuri video.	Cineva joacă la un gameboy.	A boy is upset playing video games.	Someone is playing a gameboy.
4.0	Un bărbat face un apel pe un telefon mobil.	Un bărbat face un apel la telefon.	A man makes a call on a cell phone.	A man is making a phone call.
0.0	Un bărbat vorbește la telefon.	Un urs panda mestecă un băț.	A man is speaking on a phone.	A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
4.6	O femeie își aplică produse cosmetice pe față.	O femeie se machiază.	A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.	A woman is putting on makeup.
4.0	Bărbatul a ridicat haltere.	Un bărbat ridică greutăți.	The man lifted barbells.	A man lifts weights.
3.0	O femeie hrănește un animal din mână.	Femeile hrănesc animalul.	A woman feeds an animal by hand.	The women are feeding the animal.
2.2	Mai mulți dihori ies din cușca lor.	Dihorii coboară de pe un raft.	Several ferrets climb out of their cage.	Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
0.0	O tânără cântă la flaut.	O femeie spală partea superioară a unui congelator.	A young woman is playing the flute.	A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
2.8	O femeie trage cu o pușcă.	Femeia trage cu o pușcă.	A woman shoots a shotgun.	The woman is shooting a rifle.
3.8	O persoană adaugă praf de chili la chili cu fasole.	Bărbatul adaugă condimente la fasole.	A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.	The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
4.4	O femeie trage rapid o armă de mână.	O femeie trage cu o armă.	A woman rapidly fires a handgun.	A woman is shooting off a gun.
0.0	O persoană feliază o ceapă.	Un solenodon merge pe jos.	A person is slicing an onion.	A solenodon is walking along the ground.
1.75	Un câine deschide un frigider.	Un câine închide ușa unui frigider.	A dog is opening a fridge.	A dog closes a refrigerator door.
1.0	O femeie ține un copil care dansează.	O femeie își abuzează copilul.	A woman is holding a dancing baby up.	A woman is abusing her child.
1.8	O femeie îi aplică machiaj de joker unui bărbat.	Fata i-a aplicat machiaj de față unui bărbat.	A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.	The girl applied face makeup to a man.
1.6	Doamna a adăugat brânză la sos.	Un bărbat toarnă o farfurie de brânză rasă într-o oală cu sos.	The lady added cheese to the sauce.	A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
2.333	Un bărbat susține o prelegere pe un podium.	Un bărbat susține o prelegere la un eveniment care sărbătorește jocul de cricket.	A man is giving a lecture on a podium.	A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
2.0	Pisica s-a strecurat sub pat.	O pisică se târăște cu capul în jos, sub canapea.	The cat shimmied under the bed.	A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
1.0	O femeie toacă usturoi.	O femeie feliază un pește.	A woman is chopping garlic.	A woman slices a fish.
0.0	Un bărbat taie iarbă.	Un bărbat mascat cântă.	A man is cutting grass.	A masked man sings.
0.0	Un bărbat taie iarbă.	Un clovn cântă.	A man is cutting grass.	A clown is singing.
3.0	Un băiat fuge de firul său de pescuit.	Un băiat aleargă în fața peștelui agățat de undiță.	A boy runs away from his fishing line.	A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
0.4	Bărbatul a jucat haki sak în birou.	Bărbatul condimentează legumele.	The man played haki sak in the office.	The man is seasoning the vegetables.
0.4	Un bărbat duce un alt bărbat în spate.	Un bărbat face poze cu furnici.	A man is carrying another man on his back.	A man is taking pictures of ant.
3.25	Carnea este pusă într-o tigaie.	O femeie pune carne într-o tigaie.	Meat is dropped into a pan.	A woman is putting meat in a pan.
0.0	O femeie taie ceapă verde.	O femeie cade peste un castel de nisip.	A woman is cutting scallions.	A woman falls on a sand castle.
0.0	Un bărbat trântește o minge.	O femeie feliază câteva cepe.	A man is slam dunking a ball.	A woman is slicing some onions.
0.0	O mașinărie ascute un creion.	O fată merge cu o bicicletă.	A machine is sharpening a pencil.	A girl is riding a bicycle.
0.0	O femeie se curăță pe picioare.	Soarele răsare în spatele copacilor.	A woman is brushing her feet.	The sun is rising behind trees.
0.4	Un bărbat curăță geamurile.	Un bărbat conduce o mașină.	A man is cleaning the windows.	A man is driving a car.
1.0	O persoană amestecă orez.	O femeie sparge un ou.	A person is stirring rice.	A woman is cracking an egg.
0.25	Un bărbat pune un cuțit într-un menghină.	Un bărbat dansează.	A man puts a knife in a vice.	A man is dancing.
4.25	Un băiat cântă la vioară pe scenă.	Un băiat este pe scenă cântând la vioară.	A boy plays violin on stage.	A boy is onstage playing the violin.
0.118	O femeie taie o pâine roz cu un cuțit.	Un bărbat cântă la o chitară.	A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.
1.0	Un bărbat adaugă cotlet de porc într-o tigaie.	O femeie descojește un cartof.	A man is adding pork chops to a pan.	A woman is peeling a potato.
0.4	Bărbații se luptă între ei.	Bărbatul a desenat pe hârtia albă.	The men are fighting each other.	The man drew on the white paper.
0.0	Un bărbat prinde o minge.	O pisică se freacă de un copil.	A man is catching a ball.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.
0.0	O fată citește un ziar.	Un bucătar descojește un cartof.	A girl is reading a newspaper.	A chef is peeling a potato.
2.5	Un loris lent mușcă degetele unei persoane.	Un animal mic mestecă un deget.	A slow loris bites a persons fingers.	A small animal is chewing on a finger.
0.75	Un bărbat merge pe o cărare prin sălbăticie.	Un bărbat curăță o ceapă.	A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is peeling an onion.
3.0	Bărbatul a cântat la chitara sa.	Un tip cântă din voce în timp ce cântă la chitara sa.	The man played his guitar.	A guy is singing while playing his guitar.
2.6	Câțiva bărbați patinează pe drum.	Doi băieți se dau cu skateboardul.	Some men are skating on the road.	Two boys are skate boarding.
2.6	Un bărbat toarnă lichid într-o tigaie.	Bucătarul a turnat ulei în tigaie.	A man pours liquid into a pan.	The chef poured oil in the pan.
0.0	Un băiat cântă la pian și din voce.	Un porc agită un leu.	A boy is playing piano and singing.	A pig is agitating a lion.
4.25	O pisică și un dihor se joacă.	Un dihor și un pisoi se joacă împreună.	A cat and a ferret are playing.	A ferret and kitten play together.
0.0	O maimuță se plimba prin apă.	Un tip cântă la o trompetă.	A monkey is walking through the water.	A guy is playing a trumpet.
0.0	O femeie se machiază.	O trupă cântă.	A woman is putting on makeup.	A band is singing.
0.0	Un câine conduce o mașină.	Un tip vorbește la un microfon.	A dog is driving a car.	A guy is talking into a microphone.
3.5	Bărbatul a cântat pe scenă la microfon.	Un bărbat în costum stă la un microfon și cântă.	The man sang on stage into the microphone.	A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
2.4	O mașină iese cu spatele dintr-un spațiu.	O mașină o ia înapoi.	A car backs out of a space.	A car is taking reverse.
0.6	Un bărbat ține o broască.	Un bărbat goleste un recipient din plastic.	A man is holding a frog.	A man is emptying a plastic container.
0.0	Un bărbat călătorește într-o barcă.	O femeie taie un morcov cu un cuțit.	A man is traveling in a boat.	A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
3.75	Bărbatul a mers cu motocicleta pe autostradă.	O persoană conduce o motocicletă pe un drum.	The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.	A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.
0.4	Un bărbat toacă o ceapă în cuburi.	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	A man is dicing an onion.	The man is playing the guitar.
0.4	Un bărbat cântă pe o scenă.	Un bărbat scoate mațele dintr-un pește.	A man performs on a stage.	A man guts a fish.
2.6	Femeile stau jos.	Două femei stau una lângă alta și vorbesc.	The women are sitiing down.	Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
1.75	Un bărbat scoate câteva bucăți de pâine prăjită dintr-un pachet de plastic.	Un bărbat scoate mâncarea dintr-o pungă.	A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.	A man removes food from a bag.
0.0	O femeie dansează lângă un foc.	Un bărbat leagă un laț.	A woman is dancing by a fire.	A man ties a noose.
0.75	Un bărbat meditează.	Bărbatul călărește calul.	A man is meditating.	The man is riding the horse.
0.0	Un băiat taie hârtie.	Un bărbat încarcă o pușcă.	A boy is cutting paper.	A man is loading a rifle.
0.0	Bărbatul a vorbit la telefon.	Fetele merg pe scenă.	The man talked on the telephone.	Girls are walking on the stage.
0.8	Un bărbat cântă la chitară și din voce.	Un bărbat deschide un colet care conține căști.	A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is opening a package containing headphones.
3.4	Fotbalistul a lovit mingea dintr-o parte în alta între picioare.	O persoană lovește o minge de fotbal înainte și înapoi între picioare.	the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.	A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
0.0	Un animal merge.	O femeie aplică machiaj pentru ochi.	An animal is walking.	A woman is applying eye makeup.
2.0	Cineva scarpină burtica unui animal.	O femeie mângâie un lemur.	Someone is scratching an animals belly.	A woman is stroking a lemur.
0.25	Un bărbat ridică greutăți mari.	Un wallaby linge mâna unei femei.	A man is lifting heavy weights.	A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
3.0	Un băiat se joacă cu o jucărie.	Un băiat joacă un joc portabil.	A boy is playing with a toy.	A boy plays a handheld game.
0.667	Un bărbat plonjează de pe o stâncă.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă.	A man dives off of a cliff.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
3.2	Un bărbat iese în apă.	Un bărbat se ridică dintr-o mlaștină.	A man is coming out into the water.	A man rises from a swamp.
0.333	Un bărbat și o femeie dansează.	Un bărbat mângâie un câine.	A man and woman dance.	A man is petting a dog.
3.333	Un bărbat mătură podeaua unei case folosind o mătură lungă.	Omul a măturat camera de zi goală.	A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.	The man swept the empty living room.
3.333	Un grup de cupluri dansează.	Bărbați și femei dansează încet.	A group of couples are dancing.	Men and women are dancing slowly.
1.0	Un bărbat curăță solzii unui pește.	Un bărbat toarnă ulei de gătit într-o oală.	A man is scaling a fish.	A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.
2.2	Bărbatul și-a pregătit camera pentru a face poze la apus la plajă.	Un bărbat face poze cu un lac.	The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.	A man is taking pictures of a lake.
0.4	Cineva ține și mângâie un puiet de tigru.	Cineva clătește o friptură mare de vită la chiuveta din bucătărie.	Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.	Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
0.0	Bărbatul cântă la chitară.	Pisica și-a curățat fața cu laba.	The man is playing the guitar.	The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
0.25	Bărbatul a făcut flotări pe un perete.	Bărbatul a gustat mâncarea.	The man did pushups on a wall.	The man tased the food.
2.25	O femeie taie o legumă.	O femeie feliază o vânătă.	A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A woman is slicing egg plant.
2.6	O persoană sparge un ou într-un castron mic.	Un bărbat sparge un ou.	A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.	A man cracks an egg.
1.2	Un bărbat cântă la clape.	Un bărbat călărește un taur mecanic.	A man is playing keyboards.	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
3.2	Un câine aleargă în jurul unei curți.	Un câine de companie negru aleargă prin grădina unei case.	A dog is running around a yard.	A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
1.4	Un copil merge pe stradă în timp ce un jeep intră pe ea.	O femeie merge pe un drum și un bărbat într-o mașină se oprește lângă ea.	A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.	A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
0.2	Un bărbat adaugă ulei într-o oală.	Un câine prinde un pește într-un râu.	A man is adding oil to a pot.	A dog is catching a fish in a river.
2.75	Fata a dansat în fața focului de tabără.	O femeie dansează pe muzică, lângă un foc de tabără.	The girl danced in front of the bonfire.	A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
0.6	Un bărbat toacă unt într-un recipient.	O femeie taie creveți.	A man is chopping butter into a container.	A woman is cutting shrimps.
3.8	O fată este târâtă la vale de un câine.	Un câine trage un copil în jos pe un deal.	A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.	A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
3.4	Bărbatul și-a scos ochelarii de soare în timp ce vorbea.	Un bărbat care poartă o pălărie își scoate ochelarii în timp ce vorbește.	The man took off his sunglasses while talking.	A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
1.5	Cei doi bărbați au făcut o scenetă amuzantă cu un boxer în fața unei mulțimi de oameni.	Băieți dansează în fața oamenilor.	The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Boys are dancing in front of people.
2.5	Fata își aranjează patul.	O femeie pregătește un pat.	The girl is tiding up her bed.	A woman is making a bed.
0.0	Cineva gătește ceapă.	Un bărbat folosește nunchucks.	Someoen is cooking onions.	A man is swinging nunchucks.
5.0	Bărbatul folosește un baros pentru a sparge blocul de beton care se află pe celălalt bărbat.	Un bărbat sparge o placă de beton care stă întinsă pe un om întins cu fața în jos cu un ciocan.	The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.	A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
4.333	Doamna a pus taiteii uscați în apa fierbinte pentru a se găti.	O femeie așează un recipient cu tăiței într-o tigaie cu apă.	The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.	A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
0.333	Fetele au dansat pe scenă.	O fată se machiază.	The girls danced on the stage.	A girl is putting on makeup.
3.333	Un urs panda stă întins pe jos.	Un pui de panda se relaxează pe niște bușteni.	A panda bear is laying down.	A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
4.2	Doi copii se joacă într-o piscină cu o plută verde în formă de crocodil.	Doi copii împing un crocodil gonflabil în jurul unei piscine.	Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.	Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
0.8	Câteva femei polițiste cântă karaoke.	Două femei dansează.	A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.	Two women are dancing.
1.0	Un bărbat pune broccoli în apă.	O persoană descojește un cartof.	A man is putting broccoli into water.	A person is peeling a potato.
2.8	Doctorul îl ajuta pe pacient.	Medicii încearcă să reînvie un bărbat.	The doctor was helping the patient.	Doctors are trying to revive a man.
1.5	Cineva rade cepe în apă.	O persoană rade un cartof într-un castron.	Some is grating onion into water.	A person grates a potato into a bowl.
1.2	Un bebeluș vorbește.	Un băiat încearcă să spună camion de pompieri.	A baby is talking.	A boy is trying to say firetruck.
3.0	O femeie fierbe ouă.	O femeie pune două ouă într-o oală cu apă.	A woman boils eggs.	A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
0.0	O femeie pune ingrediente într-un ou batut.	Un om toarnă benzină.	A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.	A man pours gasoline.
0.6	O femeie feliază mango.	Un bărbat pune brânză pe o tortilla.	A woman is slicing mango.	A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
1.0	O fată taie un unt în două bucăți.	O femeie taie tofu.	A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.	A woman is slicing tofu.
0.0	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	O persoană feliază o bucată de carne în bucăți.	A man is playing the guitar.	A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
0.0	Un bărbat deschide un colet care conține căști.	O femeie călărește un cal.	A man is opening a package containing headphones.	A woman is riding a horse.
1.0	O fată cântă la o chitară.	Un băiat cântă la clape între oameni.	A girl is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
0.0	O fetiță cântă la vioară pe o plajă.	Fata s-a așezat pe canapea să croșeteze.	A little girl plays the violin on a beach.	The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
3.5	O maimuță lovește mâna cu mănușă a cuiva cu o lovitură de karate.	O maimuță practică artele marțiale.	A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.	A monkey pratices martial arts.
0.0	O femeie își aplică ceva pe păr cu mâinile.	O pisică mănâncă o felie de pepene verde.	A female applies something to he hair with her hands.	A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
2.5	Un bărbat aplică o lovitură de karate unui alt bărbat care poartă mănuși de box de protecție.	Un bărbat face kick box cu un antrenor.	A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.	A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
0.0	Bărbatul cântă la flautul de lemn.	Un băiețel aspiră podeaua.	The man is playing the wooden flute.	A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
0.75	O tânără cântă la o chitară.	O femeie taie niște carne.	A young woman is playing a guitar.	A woman cuts up some meat.
0.0	Bărbații joacă fotbal.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă.	The men are playing soccer.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
0.0	O femeie aleargă pe plajă.	Un câine înoată într-o piscină.	A woman is running on the beach.	A dog is swimming in a pool.
0.0	Un om strecoară paste.	Un bărbat cântă la un flaut de lemn.	A man is straining pasta.	A man plays a wooden flute.
0.8	Urși panda se joacă pe un leagăn.	Un bărbat cântă la chitară.	Panda's play on a swing.	A man is playing guitar.
4.4	Două trenuri alb-verzi stând pe șine.	Două trenuri alb-verzi pe șine.	Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains on tracks.
2.6	O pisică mică albă cu ochi strălucitori stând sub un scaun.	O pisică albă stă pe podea.	A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	A white cat stands on the floor.
3.2	O barcă mare în apa portului marin.	O barcă mare pe mare.	A large boat in the water at the marina.	A large boat on the sea.
4.0	un autobuz mergând pe o stradă.	Autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe stradă.	a bus driving in a street.	Red double decker bus driving down street.
4.8	Un tren de pasageri așteptând într-o stație.	Un tren de pasageri stă în stație.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train sits in the station.
3.4	o femeie la o masă scriind în caietul ei.	Femeie la masă ocupată cu ceva.	a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	Woman at table busy with something.
3.8	Un calculator Apple așezat pe podea.	Un calculator Macintosh așezat pe podea.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
3.4	Un prim-plan al unui cap de cal maro.	O vedere laterală a unui cap de cal.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head.
2.8	Un grup de oameni mănâncă la o masă afară.	Grup de persoane în vârstă stând în jurul unei mese.	A group of people eat at a table outside.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
3.8	Un jocheu călărind un cal.	Un jocheu călărind un cal într-un țarc.	A jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
4.0	Bărbatul coboară cu o motocicletă pe drum.	Un bărbat merge cu o motocicletă roșie pe drum.	The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
3.8	O femeie călărind un cal maro.	O fată tânără călărind un cal maro.	A woman riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse.
0.0	Un copil sărind peste o bordură cu o bicicletă.	O pisică alb-neagră jucându-se cu o pătură.	A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
3.0	Un câine negru stând în fața unor flori galbene.	Un câine negru stând într-un câmp.	A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	A black dog standing in a field.
4.4	Prim-plan al unei sticle de apă.	O vedere din prim-plan a unei sticle de apă.	Close up of a bottle of water.	A close up view of a bottle of water.
0.6	Un prim-plan al unei pisici cu față maro.	Un prim-plan al unei fețe de struț.	A close up of a brown faced cat.	A close up of an ostrich face.
3.2	oaie / oi stând într-un câmp.	O oaie păscând într-un câmp.	sheep standing in afield.	A sheep grazing in a field.
3.6	O pisică cu părul lung, cu ochii închiși.	Un prim-plan al unei pisici cu ochii închiși.	A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
2.6	O femeie într-o cămașă gri zâmbește pentru aparatul foto în timp ce femeia din spatele ei se strâmbă.	O femeie cu o privire surprinsă pe față ține o femeie zâmbitoare din spate.	A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.	A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
0.6	Un tren Amtrak argintiu cu albastru pe șinele de lângă o mică gară.	O mașină mică albă parcată la benzinărie.	A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	A small white car parked at the gas station.
0.0	O persoană într-o cămașă albastră se tolănește aproape de o măsuță de cafea și un televizor.	O persoană stă pe scaunul motocicletei și se ridică pe o roată.	A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
1.4	O fotografie alb-negru a unei femei arătând un cal.	o fotografie alb-negru cu vaci în grajdurile lor.	A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
4.2	Un cal maro închis stând într-un câmp.	Un cal maro stă într-un câmp verde luxuriant.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
0.0	Un cort ridicat cu un cal în fundal.	Un miel alb-negru cu alți miei în fundal.	A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
4.0	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese cu mâncare pe ea.	Un grup de oameni stau în jurul unei mese cu mâncare și bere.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
3.8	Un cal maro stă într-un câmp verde luxuriant.	Un cal maro într-un câmp verde.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A brown horse in a green field.
4.0	O vacă alb-neagră în fân.	O vacă alb-neagră într-un țarc cu fân.	a black and white cow in hay.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
5.0	O femeie bătrână stă într-o bucătărie cu două pisici la picioare.	Bătrâna stă în bucătărie cu două pisici la picioare.	An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
1.0	Un autobuz școlar urcă un drum rural.	O mașină de curse circulând de-a lungul unui drum de pământ.	A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A race care driving along a dirt road.
4.4	Avion de camuflaj stând pe un câmp ierbos.	Un avion camuflat stând pe iarba verde.	Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
0.4	Trei tinere stând împreună într-o cameră.	Două femei indiene cu două fete indiene aproape de apă.	Three young women standing in a room together.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
4.0	Autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând printre străzi.	Autobuz de pasageri cu etaj mergând în trafic.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
1.2	O oaie albă pe marginea unui deal privind la aparatul foto.	Vacile slabe stau pe iarbă.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
1.6	Un grup de oi într-un câmp.	Un grup de cai păscând într-un câmp.	A group of sheep in a field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.
0.0	O fotografie în prim-plan, distorsionată a unei sticle goale de Coca-Cola.	O fotografie în prim-plan a unui birou cu un calculator și hârtii pe el.	A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
3.0	Birou foarte aglomerat, cu monitorul calculatorului pornit.	Birou dezordonat cu două monitoare.	Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	Messy computer desk with two monitors.
3.2	Un bărbat stând într-o cameră dezordonată.	Un bărbat stă într-un pat într-o cameră dezordonată.	A man sitting in a cluttered room.	A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
1.4	Două vaci albe într-o pășune verde.	Calul cafeniu este în pășune.	Two white cows in a green pasture.	The tan horse is in the pasture.
3.8	Vacă neagră plimbându-se pe sub copaci într-o pășune.	Vacă mergând pe sub copacul dintr-o pășune.	Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
1.8	Doi oameni stând la o masă într-un restaurant.	patru oameni stănd la o masă.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	four people sitting at a table.
3.2	O femeie zâmbitoare cu o bere stând afară cu o altă femeie zâmbitoare.	Două femei stând afară râzând.	A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	Two women sitting outside laughing.
3.2	O pasăre ținându-se de o poartă metalică.	O pasăre multicoloră stă agățată de un gard de sârmă.	A bird holding on to a metal gate.	A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
0.6	Vacile slabe stau pe iarbă.	Rațele albe stau pe câmp.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	The white ducks are standing on the ground.
2.2	O femeie întinzându-se peste doi bărbați ce stau pe o canapea.	Un bărbat și două femei zâmbind la aparatul foto în timp ce stau pe o canapea albastră.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
3.4	o femeie cu un colier mare.	O femeie tânără cu o bluză neagră și un colier.	a woman with a big necklace.	A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
1.8	Vacă maro cu coarne stând într-un câmp.	Cal maro stând în mijlocul unui câmp ierbos.	Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
4.4	O navă de croazieră acostată la țărm.	O navă de croazieră acostată la mal.	A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	A cruise ship docked at shore.
2.4	Pisică alb-neagră stând culcată sub un tufiș.	Pisica alb-neagră cu ochii galbeni stă tolănită pe pământ.	Black and white cat lying under bush.	The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
3.6	Vacă alb-maro stând în iarbă pe marginea drumului.	O vacă alb-maro stând într-o zonă ierboasă cu copaci în spate.	Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
0.8	Un câine mic privind camera în timp ce stă pe iarbă.	Un bărbat și o femeie zâmbind la aparatul foto în timp ce stau într-o bucătărie.	A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
0.6	Un vițel maroniu cu o etichetă galbenă pe urechea sa stângă uitându-se la aparatul de fotografiat.	Un bărbat cu ochelari și cu două sticle de plastic în față.	A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
0.0	Fotografie alb-negru a unei canapele cu poșetă la un capăt.	o fotografie alb-negru a unei vaci sub un copac.	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
2.4	Doi bărbați pe barcă plutind pe apă.	Barcă mare verde plutind pe apă.	Two men on boat floating on the water.	Large green boat floating on water.l.
3.6	Aceasta este o vedere a părții din spate a unei mașini sport Chevrolet.	Vedere a părții din spate a unei mașini roșii concept Chevrolet.	This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
3.2	O persoană purtând o cască merge pe o bicicletă pe lângă o clădire albă.	O persoană purtând o cască de bicicletă merge pe o bicicletă pe o potecă printre copaci.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
0.2	O fotografie alb-negru a unei gări vechi.	O fotografie alb-negru a unei motociclete întinse pe pământ.	A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
2.4	O pisică vărgată alb-gri doarme pe un material violet.	Pisică alb-neagră dormind pe o prelată maro.	A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
4.0	O femeie ținând un bebeluș mic.	O femeie zâmbitoare ținând un bebeluș mic.	A woman holding a small baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.
4.6	Grup de cai păscând într-un câmp ierbos.	Un grup de cai păscând într-un câmp.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field.
3.4	Trei bărbați stau jos la o masă ce are băuturi pe ea.	Trei bărbați stând la masă cu bere și mâncare.	Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
0.4	Doi oameni îmbrăcați în alb stând pe un câmp cu iarbă.	O persoană stă sub un pasaj superior în apropierea unei autostrăzi.	Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
0.6	O pisică vărgată portocalie dormind pe canapea.	Un bărbat se uită la TV pe marginea patului său.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
3.8	Doi vulturi cocoțati pe o ramură.	Doi vulturi pleșuvi cocoțati pe o ramură.	Two Eagles perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
3.8	O pisică cu dungi stând pe o pungă de nisip pentru pisici.	Pisică domestică stând pe spatele nisipului pentru pisici.	A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
2.4	Un bărbat și un copil mic într-o sufragerie pozând pentru aparatul foto.	Un bărbat și o femeie pozează pentru aparatul foto.	A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.
3.0	Un birou de casă cu trei monitoare de calculatoare și alte echipamente pe un birou.	Cameră cu câteva monitoare de calculator.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	Room with several computer monitors.
3.8	Cinci păsări stau pe zăpadă.	Câțiva cardinali stau în zăpadă.	Five birds stand on the snow.	Several cardinals stand in the snow.
2.6	Un vehicul negru parcat cu vedere la munți joși.	O mașină neagră parcată pe pământ la țară.	A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.	A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
2.2	Un tren de pasageri în zăpadă.	Un tren de pasageri așteptând într-o stație.	A passenger train in the snow.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
5.0	Pasărea neagră stă pe pământ.	O pasăre neagră stând pe pământ.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	A blackbird sitting on the ground.
2.0	Taurul alb-negru se uită la aparatul foto.	Un câine alb-negru uitându-se la aparatul foto.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
3.8	O fată tânără călărind un cal alb-cenușiu.	O blondă tânără în echipament de călărie stă deasupra unui cal alb-gri.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
0.8	O oaie alb-neagră se plimbă pe lângă o oaie albă.	Vițel mic alb-negru cu o etichetă pe ureche.	A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.	Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
0.0	O sufragerie cu o masă în fundal.	Un băiat ridicându-se pe o roată pe o placă cu plaja în fundal.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
2.2	Masa din sufragerie primește niște soare de după-amiază	Sufragerie e cu masă din lemn unde se află parteneri de joacă.	The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.	Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
3.6	Un moped roșu parcat pe un trotuar în fața graffitiurilor.	Scuterul roșu stă pe stradă în fața unei clădirii.	A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
3.6	Pescărușul plutește pe apă.	O pasăre mică plutind în apă.	The seagull is floating on the water.	A little bird floating in the water.
0.0	Un câine negru stă lângă materialele de pe un șantier.	O fetiță mică asiatică stă lângă un ghiveci cu flori pe un stâlp de marmură.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
4.4	O femeie pozând în fața unui apartament înzăpezit.	O femeie stă în fața unei clădiri în zăpadă.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
1.0	Cinci vaci pasc lângă un drum.	Câteva oi păscând într-un câmp.	Five cows are grazing beside the road.	Several sheep grazing in the field.
3.2	Două capre de munte păscând în fața unui lac alpin.	Două animale păscând lângă un munte, și un corp de apă.	Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
3.2	Vaci alb-negre în spatele unui gard.	Două vaci alb-negre în spatele unei porți metalice sub un cer albastru parțial înnorat.	Black and white cows behind a fence.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
4.0	Un tren de pasageri așteptând într-o stație.	Un tren de pasageri așteptând în gara orașului.	A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
3.4	Un animal alb străbătând pădurile acoperite cu zăpadă.	Un câine alb aleargă prin pădurea acoperită de zăpadă.	A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
0.0	Un bărbat stând pe iarbă privind spre cer.	Trenul merge pe șine în zăpadă.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
4.0	Un televizor cu ecran plat, negru, așezat pe podea.	Un TV cu ecran plat pe podea.	A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.	A flat screen TV on the floor.
2.4	O bicicletă argintie este parcată într-o sufragerie.	O bicicletă într-o sufragerie.	A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.	A bicycle in a dining room.
4.1	Tren negru pe șine de tren.	Un tren pe șinele de tren.	Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
4.1	Tren negru pe șinele de tren.	Un tren pe șinele de tren.	Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
0.0	O pisică vărgată portocalie dormind pe canapea.	Bărbat purtând o bavetă stând pe o canapea verde.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
2.6	Vulturul pleșuv este cocoțat pe o funie.	Doi vulturi pleșuvi cocoțați pe o ramură.	The bald eagle is perched on a rope.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
4.0	Un cuplu pozând pentru o poză pe o canapea.	Cuplu tânăr stând pe canapea.	A couple posing for a picture on a couch.	Young couple sitting on couch.
0.0	Bărbații cântă la o chitară și beau ceva.	Aici este un băiat tânăr cu o jachetă roș-albastră hrănind o oaie.	The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.	There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
3.8	Două pisici stând împreună pe canapea privind pe fereastră.	Două pisici se uită pe fereastră.	Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window.
3.75	Autobuz roșu cu etaj.	Autobuz roșu cu etaj cu capota ridicată.	Red double decker bus.	Red double decker bus with hood up.
0.0	Un prim-plan al unui animal cu o fața lungă stând pe iarbă lângă un copac.	Un prim-plan al unei femei cu cizme negre lângă o motocicletă albastră.	A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
1.8	Un câine alb-maro stă pe un scaun cu model floral.	Un câine mic alb-portocaliu cu o zgardă și un clopot se relaxează pe o pernă cu imprimeu floral.	A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.	A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
4.2	Un grup de oameni stând la o masă de restaurant.	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese cu mâncare pe ea.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
2.0	Două oi pe vârful unei stânci uitându-se la aparatul foto.	Două oi stau, uitându-se la aparatul foto, cu fețele în direcții opuse.	Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.	Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
1.6	O fotografie alb-negru a unei gări goale.	o fotografie alb-negru a unei pisici stând jos.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
1.2	Un șir de locomotive pe o linie secundară de cale ferată dintr-un câmp.	Un cal maro închis stând într-un câmp.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.
3.6	Un calculator Apple alb așezat pe covorul bej al unui dormitor.	Un calculator Apple așezat pe podea.	A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
4.6	un câine tragând un pui de somn sub o masă mică.	Un câine dormind sub o masă.	a dog napping under a small table.	A dog sleeping under a table.
3.6	O barcă cu patru pânze navighează pe apă.	Barcă cu pânze navigând pe apă.	A boat with four sails is sailing on water.	Sail boat sailing on the water.
4.6	Mașină sport roșie concurând pe pistă.	O mașină sport roșie mergând rapid pe o pistă.	Red sports car racing down track.	A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
0.8	Pasăre neagră stând pe o lespede de beton.	Câine mic stând lângă un perete alb.	Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	Small dog sitting next to white wall.
3.2	Un autobuz Victory Liner este alb cu dungi roșu-aurii.	Un autobuz turistic alb cu dungi roșii, portocalii și galbene.	A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
4.4	Autobuz roșu cu etaj pe marginea unei străzi.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj pe o stradă dintr-un oraș.	Red double decker bus on side of street.	A red double decker bus on a city street.
0.4	Un grup de barje cu copaci în fundal.	O tânără purtând o cască de bicicletă cu o bicicletă în fundal.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
1.2	Pescărușul plutește pe apă.	Navă de croazieră mare plutind pe apă.	The seagull is floating on the water.	Large cruise ship floating on the water.
3.0	O motocicletă parcată lângă o mașină.	O motocicletă BMW parcată între două mașini.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
4.0	Pisică cenușie privind pe fereastră.	O pisică uitându-se pe o fereastră.	Gray cat looking out the window.	A cat looking out of a window.
4.2	o fotografie alb-negru a unei vaci sub un copac.	O fotografie alb-negru a unei vaci plimbându-se sub un copac într-un câmp.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
2.8	O plantă în ghiveci în lumina soarelui de la o fereastră.	O plantă în ghiveci cu câțiva germeni.	A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
2.8	Patru oameni vâslesc o barcă aproape de mal.	patru oameni sunt pe o barcă pe apă verde.	Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.	four people are on a boat on green water.
0.0	O fată într-o cămașă roșie călărește un cal maro.	Un câine alb-cafeniu stând în pat cu o plapumă galbenă.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
1.4	Este un birou mic cu un scaun în fața spălătoriei.	O cameră cu pereți cafenii și o mașină de spălat și uscător.	There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
4.0	Un tren de pasageri Amtrak așteptând la o gară.	Un tren de pasageri așteptând într-o stație.	An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	A passenger train waiting in a station.
1.8	Un avion mare cu reacție pe pământ la aeroport.	Un avion de pasageri cu reacție zboară prin aer.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A passenger jet flies through the air.
2.0	O fată tânără purtând o cască călărind un ponei.	O fată purtând o bluză roșie călărind un cal maro.	A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
1.4	Oameni stând pe verandă.	Oameni stând pe o canapea.	People sitting on the porch.	People sitting on acouch.
1.6	Doi cai stând intr-un țarc.	Un grup de cai păscând într-un câmp.	Two horses standing in a pen.	A group of horses grazing in a field.
3.4	Trenul roșu și trenul galben pe șinele de tren.	Două trenuri circulă pe șinele de tren.	The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	Two trains are traveling on the track.
1.0	Doi oameni stând la o masă într-un restaurant.	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese pe verandă.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
1.4	Un miel stă lângă două animale mititele.	O oaie stând lângă copiii ei	A lamb stands near two tiny animals.	A sheep standing near her children.
2.2	O persoană mergând pe o motocicletă de teren în aer liber.	O persoană sărind cu motocicleta în aer.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
0.2	Vacă cafenie cu crotalii pe un câmp ierbos.	Multe oi stând pe un deal verde.	Vițel mic alb-negru cu o crotalie pe ureche.	Many sheep standing on a green hill.
4.2	Barcă cu pânze navigând pe apă.	Barca cu pânze plutind pe apa albastră.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sail boat floating on the blue water.
4.2	o femeie cu un coif de viking pe cap.	Femeie zâmbitoare stând purtând un coif de viking.	a woman with a viking hat on.	Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
4.2	Autobuz alb cu etaj parcat.	Un autobuz alb-roșu cu etaj este parcat.	Parked white double decker bus.	A red and white double decker bus is parked.
2.8	Un câmp de oi cu fața neagră.	O oaie cu față neagră.	A field of black faced sheep.	A black faced sheep.
4.0	Două păsări sunt cocoțate pe o bandă metalică.	Două păsări mici cocoțate pe o bară de metal.	Two birds are perched on a metal band.	Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
1.6	Masă cu pânză de masă albastră în bucătărie.	Dulapuri din lemn în bucătărie.	Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.	Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
4.0	O tânără cu o brățară poartă un sutien bikini și blugi.	O femeie îmbrăcată într-un sutien bikini și blugi.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
4.0	Un cal maro păscând într-un câmp cu iarbă verde.	Cal maro stând în mijlocul unui câmp ierbos.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
1.4	O oală cu lichid se află în centrul unei farfurii acoperite cu o folie de tablă.	O oală cu mâncare este pusă în centrul unei fețe de masă roșii.	A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
0.6	O vacă alb-neagră stând într-un câmp ierbos.	O gaiță albastră stând într-un câmp ierbos.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
3.2	Un avion galben cu albastru zboară pe cer.	Avionul alb zboară pe cerul albastru.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
0.0	O femeie stând pe un scaun la Crăciun ținând machiaj.	Un tren stând pe șine într-un depou.	A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.	A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
0.8	Patru tineri asiatici stând într-un refugiu sau sufragerie.	O fată stând într-un scaun de living.	Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	A girl sitting in a living chair.
4.6	Tren coborând pe șine.	Trenul alunecând pe șine.	Train going down the tracks.	Train gliding on tracks.
0.2	O femeie tânără îmbrăcată în negru.	Doi copii mici îmbrăcați formal stând pe scaune.	A young woman dressed in black.	Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
3.0	Grup de oameni stând la masă cu băuturi.	patru oameni stănd la o masă.	Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	four people sitting at a table.
0.0	Un avion zburând la distanță.	O femeie cu un cal alb.	A plane flying at a distance.	A woman with a white horse.
0.2	Un grup de barje cu copaci în fundal.	Un grup de vaci într-un câmp cu crotalii galbene în urechi.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
3.6	O sufragerie cu o masă în fundal.	O sufragerie cu canapele mari și o masă în fundal.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
4.0	Pisică cu dungi galbene odihnindu-se pe o canapea albastră.	O pisică vărgată portocalie dormind pe canapea.	Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
0.0	Un tren de pasageri intrând într-o stație.	O pasăre mare zboară prin aer.	A passenger train coming into a station.	A large bird is flying through the air.
3.4	Doi oameni vâslind într-o canoe roșie cu copaci în fundal.	Doi oameni vâslind într-o canoe galbenă pe un râu cu copaci în fundal.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
2.2	Un tren negru se deplasează pe șine.	Tren negru stând inactiv pe șine.	A black train moves down the tracks.	Black train idle on the tracks.
3.5	Un jeep alb parcat în fața unui magazin.	Un Jeep alb parcat pe o stradă.	A white jeep parked in front of a store.	A white Jeep parked on a street.
0.4	Două femei stând în fața unui autobuz turistic.	Doi bărbați vorbind în fața unui avion.	Two women standing in front of tour bus.	Two men talking in front of a plane.
0.0	Un bărbat conduce o motocicletă mare neagră.	Un copil stă pe un scaun mare din piele neagră.	A man rides a large black motorbike.	A child sits in a large black leather chair.
0.8	O bicicletă este parcată în afara unei librării.	Oameni stau în afara unei librării.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	People stand outside a bookstore.
3.8	Avion în mijlocul zborului la apus.	Un avion zburând aproape de apusul soarelui.	Plane in mid-flight at sunset.	A plane flying near the sunset.
3.4	Două autobuze roșii parcate cu grădini în fața lor.	Autobuze roșii sunt parcate în faţa unei clădiri mari albe lângă o grădină formală.	Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.	Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
3.4	Un papagal galben se agață de marginea coliviei sale.	O pasăre galben-portocalie se ține de marginea unei colivii.	A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.	A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
3.0	Cuplu navigând într-o barcă mică cu pânze.	Doi bărbați navigând într-o barcă mică cu pânze.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
3.6	O motocicletă argintiu-albastră stând lângă o mașină.	O motocicletă parcată lângă o mașină.	A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.	A motorcycle parked next to a car.
5.0	Autobuz roșu cu etaj.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj.	Red double decker bus.	A red, double-decker bus.
0.4	Picioare stând într-o zi frumoasă cu o clădire mare în fundal.	Doi ofițeri de poliție stând în spatele unei dube cu un autobuz în fundal.	Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
1.6	Un câine alb mic mestecă o crenguță în timp ce stă pe o punte de lemn.	Câinele alb stă pe podeaua de lemn de sub masă.	A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
4.4	Un bărbat stând în fața unui tren argintiu.	Bărbat stând în fața unui vagon argintiu.	Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
5.0	Un prim-plan al unei oi cu limba ieșită afară.	O imagine în prim-plan a unei oi cu limba ieșită afară.	A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.	Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
4.2	O vacă alb-neagră cu coarne stând pe un câmp.	o vacă alb-neagră stând pe câmp.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	a black and white cow standing in the field.
4.0	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb într-o arenă.	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A man riding a white horse.
2.2	Un tren stând pe șine lângă un câmp.	Un tren călătorind pe șine.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A train traveling down the tracks.
0.4	O femeie și un copil mic stând la o masă zâmbind la aparatul foto.	O pisică mică stând pe o grindă de lemn uitându-se în sus către aparatul foto.	A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
0.4	O statuie a lui Buddha stă pe o masă cu un ornament de masă din lemn.	O pasăre stând pe un gard din lemn.	A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.	A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
0.0	Două autobuze roșii conducând în fața unei grădini.	Tren intrând într-o stație.	Two red buses driving in front of a garden.	Train pulling into a station.
3.8	Vaci păscând într-un câmp acoperit cu zăpadă.	Cinci vaci păscând într-un câmp acoperit cu zăpadă.	Cows grazing in a snow covered field.	Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
1.8	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb.	O femeie călărind un cal maro.	A man riding a white horse.	A woman riding a brown horse.
3.2	Bărbat cu cămașă albastră stând în fața unei fântâni.	Un bărbat în cămașă albastră și pantaloni cafenii stă în fața unei statui a unui bărbat, care se află într-o piață pavată cu piatră cubică.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
4.0	O fată în echipament de călărie stă călare pe un cal maro.	O fată într-o cămașă roșie călărește un cal maro.	A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
4.2	Un scaun transparent din plastic în fața unui biblioteci.	un scaun transparent din plastic în fața rafturilor de cărți.	A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
3.0	Un câine poartă o jachetă gri.	Un câine stând într-o jachetă pentru animale de companie.	A dog is wearing a gray jacket.	A dog laying in a pet jacket.
4.0	O oaie stă pe marginea unui deal.	O oaie mare stând pe un deal.	A sheep stands on a hillside.	A large sheep standing on a hill.
3.8	O vacă alb-neagră stând într-un câmp ierbos.	o vacă alb-neagră stând într-un câmp.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	a black and white cow standing in the field.
1.0	O femeie într-un sutien bikini negru și blugi.	O femeie cu o pălărie neagră stă lângă metrou.	A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.	A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
2.2	O fată călărind un cal maro.	Jocheul este îmbrăcat în mov și călărește un cal maro.	A girl riding a brown horse.	The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
3.2	Bărbat stând în fața unui corvette galben.	Un bărbat stă lângă o mașină sport galbenă.	Man standing in front of yellow corvette.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
0.0	Un bărbat stând pe iarbă privind spre cer.	Bărbatul stă pe trotuar în fața calului.	A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
2.8	Un bărbat pozează în fața unei fântâni mari cu o statuie deasupra.	Bărbat cu cămașă albastră stând în fața unei fântâni.	A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
0.4	O pisică albă stând pe un covor.	O oaie stând într-o pădure.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	A sheep standing in a forest.
5.0	Un TV cu ecran plat pe podea.	Un TV cu ecran plat așezat pe podea.	A flat screen TV on the floor.	A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
0.0	Doi cai maro stând într-un câmp ierbos.	Doi bărbați navigând într-o barcă mică cu pânze.	Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
1.4	Două oi stau în pragul unei intrări.	Doi berbeci stau pe pământ înzăpezit.	Two sheep stand in a doorway.	Two rams stand on snowy ground.
4.0	Cameră cu câteva monitoare de calculator.	O cameră cu patru monitoare de calculator pe un rând.	Room with several computer monitors.	A room with four computer monitors in a row.
0.4	O coadă în fața unei librării pe o stradă.	Motocicleta galbenă este parcată pe stradă.	A line outside of a bookstore on a street.	The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
1.8	Un avion de pasageri cu reacție stă pe o pistă de decolare.	Un avion de pasageri mare cu reacție zburând aproape de sol.	A passenger jet sits on a runway.	A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
0.4	Sticlă veche verde așezată pe o masă.	Trei bărbați în costume stând la o masă.	Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Three men in suits sitting at a table.
3.0	Doi cai albi privind peste gard.	Doi cai stând într-un țarc.	Two white horses staring over a fence.	Two horses standing in a pen.
0.0	Vacile alb-negre se opresc în fața porții.	Avionul alb zboară pe cer.	The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	The white airplane is flying in the sky.
4.0	O vacă alb-neagră stând într-un câmp ierbos.	O vacă alb-neagră cu coarne stând pe un câmp.	A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
4.2	o fotografie alb-negru a unei pisici ce stă jos.	O imagine alb-neagră a unei pisici așezate pe un covor.	a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
4.2	Un bărbat și o femeie stau, zâmbind pentru aparatul foto.	Un bărbat și o femeie pozează pentru aparatul foto.	A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera.
3.0	O pisică alb-portocalie adormită pe un scaun din piele.	O pisică roșcată stând pe un scaun de birou.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
1.6	O pisică albă stând pe un covor.	O pisică cu dungi albe cu capul atârnând peste masă.	A white cat standing on a carpet.	A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
0.2	Pisoi de casă alb-gri culcat pe un birou.	Un bărbat și bicicleta lui așezați pe iarba verde.	Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.	A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
0.0	O femeie pozând în fața unui bloc înzăpezit.	Autobuzul alb parcat în iarbă în fața clădirii.	A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	White bus parked in grass in front of building.
4.6	O tânără cu o brățară poartă un sutien bikini și blugi.	O femeie purtând blugi, un sutien bikini negru și o brățară.	A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
0.0	O masă și scaune sunt într-o cameră cu o imagine pe perete și un ventilator de tavan.	Un autobuz școlar mergând pe un drum cu copaci verzi și iarbă pe fundal.	A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.	A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
3.4	Un bărbat stă cu picioarele încrucișate pe un pat urmărind un televizor mic.	Un bărbat stă pe un pat foarte aproape de un televizor mic.	A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.	A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
4.2	Farurile de la o mașină albastră.	Prim-plan al farurilor unei mașini albastre.	The headlights on a blue car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
2.4	Un tren de pasageri intrând într-o stație.	Un tren de pasageri stă în stație.	A passenger train coming into a station.	A passenger train sits in the station.
0.0	Un avion orientat către aparatul foto.	O vacă stă singură în frigul curții.	An airplane facing the camera.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
3.2	O femeie călărind un cal maro.	O persoană îmbrăcată în alb pe un cal maro.	A woman riding a brown horse.	A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
3.8	un jocheu călărind un cal.	Un jocheu care călărește un cal într-un țarc.	a jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
3.4	Cei doi câini se amestecă printre animalele de pluș.	Doi câini stau pe o canapea cu multe animale de pluș.	The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.	Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
4.0	Un tren circulă pe șine.	Un tren circulă pe șinele dintr-o zonă rurală.	A train is running on the tracks.	A train is running down the track in a rural area.
4.4	Cineva stând pe un munte înzăpezit, privind un avion.	Un bărbat stă pe un munte, urmărind un avion.	Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.	A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
3.2	O pasăre dă din aripi în apă.	O pasăre neagră mare stă în apă.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.
3.2	O navă de croazieră acostată într-un port.	O navă de croazieră a fost acostată pe o coastă.	A cruise liner docked at a port.	A cruise ship docked at a coast.
2.0	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj pe o stradă aglomerată.	Un autobuz alb parțial în zăpadă pe o stradă publică.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
4.8	O femeie mângâie un câine într-o zonă îngrădită.	O femeie mângâie un câine într-o curte închisă.	A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.	A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
2.2	O pisică alb-neagră jucându-se cu o pătură.	O pisică alb-neagră intră într-un coș de paie.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
3.2	Un bărbat pe o bicicletă de munte coborând pe o pantă.	Acesta este un bărbat ce merge cu o bicicletă de munte peste stânci într-o zi senină.	A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.	This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
3.8	O pisică se sprjină pe un scaun de birou.	O pisică roșcată stând pe un scaun de birou.	A cat reclines on an office chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
2.6	Un grup de cai păscând pe un câmp.	Un cal brun păscând într-un câmp cu iarbă verde.	A group of horses grazing in a field.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
0.0	Un grup de oameni bând ceva.	Un șir de locomotive pe o linie secundară de cale ferată dintr-un câmp.	A group of people having a drink.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
0.0	Doi câini într-o cușcă îngrădită privesc înainte.	Două femei pozează într-o sufragerie cu un bebeluș.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
3.4	Trei oi pe un drum de pământ văzute dintr-un vehicul de călători.	Trei oi în mijlocul unui drum cu pietriș.	Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
1.0	Un avion galben cu albastru zboară pe cer.	Nouă aeronave alb-roșii zburând în formație lăsând în urmă fum.	A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
4.0	Trenul stă la gară.	Trenul albastru este la gară.	The train sits at the train station.	The blue train is at the station.
0.0	Un tren stând pe șine aproape de un câmp.	Un bebeluş stă în iarbă.	A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A baby is sitting in the grass.
4.4	Autobuz roșu cu etaj luând pasageri.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj preia mai mulți pasageri într-un oraș.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
0.0	Doi băieți stau pe o canapea ținând beri cu o fată întinsă pe genunchii lor.	Două femei cu biciclete uitându-se pe stradă pentru a vedea când pot traversa.	Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
2.8	Două femei în bucătărie privind un obiect.	Două femei în bucătărie cu una din ele făcând o poză.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
2.8	Un cal de cursă galopând fără călăreț.	Un cal galopând în timp ce poartă numărul 4.	A race horse galloping without a rider.	A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
0.8	Un tren cu aburi se deplasează spre aparatul foto.	O pasăre de pradă mare zburând spre aparatul foto.	A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
4.2	O fotografie alb-negru a unei sticle de Coca Cola.	Aceasta este o imagine alb-negru a unei sticle mici de Coca-Cola.	A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.	This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
3.2	O pasăre mică cocoțată pe o ramură înghețată.	O pasăre galbenă cocoțată pe o ramură.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.	A yellow bird perched on a branch.
3.2	Băiat cu ochelari tastând la un calculator.	Un băiat uitându-se la un monitor de calculator.	Boy with glasses typing on a computer.	A boy looking at a computer screen.
3.2	Un camion roșu își învârte anvelopele în timp ce unul negru părăsește cadrul.	Camion roșu învârtind-uși anvelopele și emițând fum din spate.	A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
2.4	O sufragerie cu masă, scaun și canapea alături de un palmier mare.	O sufragerie cu o canapea albastră, pat de tabără, bancă din lemn și dulap.	A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
3.4	O femeie zâmbitoare ținând un bebeluș mic.	o femeie așezată pe o canapea ținând un bebeluș.	A smiling woman holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
0.0	O benzinărie Esso cu copaci în fundal.	Doi ofițeri de poliție stând în spatele unei dube cu un autobuz în fundal.	An Esso gas station with trees in the background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
4.2	Patru avioane albastre cu galben zburând peste patru bărci.	Patru avioane albastre cu galben în zbor.	Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.	Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
0.0	Un cal stând lângă o poartă cu un alt cal în fundal.	Un grup de barje cu copaci în fundal.	A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.	A group of river barges with trees in the background.
2.4	Trei sticle sunt pe o masă.	Sticlă verde veche așezată pe o masă.	Three bottles are on a table.	Old green bottle sitting on a table.
1.4	O locomotivă cu abur coboară pe o calea ferată aproape de copaci.	Un tren este într-o gară.	A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.	A train is at a train station.
4.2	Un tren este într-o gară.	Un tren parcat într-o gară.	A train is at a train station.	A train parked at a train station.
0.4	o femeie așezată pe o canapea ținând un bebeluș.	Pasăre stând pe un buștean într-un lac.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
3.6	Două păsări zburând spre alimentatorul de apă.	Două păsări zburând lângă hrănitoare pentru păsări.	Two birds flying towards water feeder.	Two birds flying near bird feeders.
1.6	Două vaci stând într-un câmp mare.	Cal stând într-un câmp.	Two cows standing in a large field.	Horse standing in a field.
4.0	Un grup de oi păscând pe un deal.	Un grup de oi se află pe un deal.	A group of sheep grazing on a hill.	A group of sheep are on a hill.
2.0	Un bărbat stă în fața unui tren.	Un bărbat stând în fața unei statui ridicate.	A man stands in front of a train.	A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
4.4	Două femei pozează pentru aparatul foto și fac gestul de deget mare ridicat.	Două tinere zâmbitoare făcând gestul de deget mare ridicat.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
4.8	O femeie ține un copil mic în timp ce stă pe o canapea.	o femeie așezată pe o canapea ținând un bebeluș.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
4.0	Un autobuz United roșu cu etaj pe o stradă a orașului.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe drum.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
1.0	Două femei stând pe o canapea maro.	Două femei stând în afara unui autobuz.	Two women sitting on brown couch.	Two women standing outside of a bus.
3.2	O pisică cenușie cu ochii verzi uitându-se în aparatul foto.	O pisică albă cu gri si negru privind la aparatul foto.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
0.0	Pasărea stă pe ramură.	Oaia stă sub copaci.	The bird is sitting on the branch.	The sheep is standing under the trees.
3.8	Grup de oameni stând la o masă dintr-un restaurant.	Doi oameni stând la o masă dintr-un restaurant.	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
2.4	O vacă alb-neagră stă pe iarbă sub un cer albastru parțial înnorat.	Două vaci alb-negre în spatele unei porți metalice sub unu cer albastru parțial înnorat.	A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
3.2	Un tip pe un cal alb.	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb într-o arenă.	A guy on a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.
4.6	Două vaci de lapte bând dintr-un iaz.	Două vaci beau dintr-un iaz.	Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	Two cows are drinking from a pond.
2.4	Sunt câteva oi tunse într-un țarc.	Trei oi albe într-un țarc.	There are several sheared sheep in a pen.	Three white sheep in an enclosure.
5.0	Câinele negru stă întins în iarbă.	Un câine negru stă pe iarbă.	The black dog is lying in the grass.	A black dog lies on the grass.
4.2	Doi tineri stau la o masă lângă o ușă glisantă, cu o persoană arătând cu degetul spre cealaltă.	Doi oameni stau față în față la o masă în timp ce unul arată cu degetul spre celălalt.	Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
2.2	Un bărbat și o femeie ținându-se de mână mergând de-a lungul plajei.	Un bărbat cu barbă și pălărie și un băiat merg pe malul oceanului.	A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.	A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
1.2	Zece oi privind aparatul foto.	O pisică ce stă pe spate uitându-se la aparatul foto.	Ten sheep looking at the camera.	A cat on its back looking at the camera.
1.4	Un câine alb-negru privind aparatul foto.	O capră alb-neagră mică într-un țarc privind aparatul foto.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
0.0	O masă neagră cu un scaun pufos alb.	O femeie cu copilul ei.	A black table with white fuzzy chair.	A woman with her child.
2.2	Autobuz roșu cu etaj luând pasageri.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe o stradă.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.
3.4	Barcă cu pânze navigând pe apă.	Barcă cu pânze navigând într-o zi înnorată.	Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
4.2	O pasăre albastră stă pe mâna înmănușată a unei persoane.	O pasăre este cocoțată pe mâna înmănușată a unei persoane.	A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
3.6	O fată călărind un cal alb-maro.	O fată călărind un cal maro.	A girl riding on a brown and white horse.	A girl riding a brown horse.
1.0	Un tren aproape tot negru pe o cale ferată.	O mașină parcată în fața șinelor de tren.	A mostly black train on a track.	A car parked in front of train tracks.
0.0	Un băiat tânăr colorând cu un creion roș-albastru.	O blondă tânără în echipament de călărie stă deasupra unui cal alb cu gri.	A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
0.8	Un grup de oameni într-o sufragerie.	Un grup de patru oameni trecând pe lângă o ciupercă gigantică.	A group of people in a living room.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
0.0	O rață sălbatică și o rață domestică albă pe iarbă lângă apă.	Un copil mic într-o rochie roz stă pe o masă.	A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
0.0	Pisica stă între două biciclete în fața unei uși.	Un cal stând pe un câmp în fața unui gard.	The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
0.0	O fată cu o geantă roșie stând pe stradă.	Un câine negru se holbează la oaie.	A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	A black dog is staring at a sheep.
3.4	Un călăreț călărind un cal alb.	O femeie conducând un cal alb.	A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
4.2	Un tren lung este pe șinele de tren.	Un tren pe șinele de tren.	A long train is on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
3.0	Un câine negru-cafeniu privește o oaie neagră.	Un câine negru privind o oaie maro într-un țarc.	A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.	A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
2.8	O cameră cu câteva calculatoare și imagini pe perete.	Un birou cu trei monitoare de calculatoare și alte echipamente pe un birou.	A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
1.0	O fotografie alb-negru a unei vaci plimbându-se pe sub un copac într-un câmp.	Un câine alb-negru uitându-se la aparatul foto.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
4.2	Un AreoMexico Jet Liner argintiu stând pe pistă.	Un avion argintiu aeromexico este pe o pistă de decolare.	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
3.4	un bărbat pe o motocicletă de teren sărind foarte sus.	Un bărbat pe o motocicletă sărind cu cerul în spatele lui.	a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.	A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
4.2	Doi oameni navigând pe o barcă mică cu pânze albe.	Cuplu navigând într-o barcă cu pânze mici.	Two people sailing a small white sail boat.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
0.8	Un avion alb este parcat pe ciment.	O motocicletă albastră este parcată pe trotuar.	A white airplane is parked on the cement.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
0.8	Trei vaci care pasc pe un câmp.	Câteva oi păscând într-un câmp.	Three cows grazing in a field.	Several sheep grazing in the field.
4.8	Bărbatul stă la o masă dezordonată și folosește un laptop.	Un bărbat stă uitându-se la un laptop pe o masă dezordonată.	The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
3.0	O masă cu lumânări, vin și un ceainic.	O masă de lemn este aranjată cu lumânări, vin și un castron de plastic violet.	A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
3.2	Doi oameni vâslind la o canoe roșie sunt reflectați în apa liniștită.	Două persoane într-o canoe roșie pe un lac limpede.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
3.8	O femeie îmbrăcată sumar stă lângă o mașină.	O femeie îmbrăcată sumar stând lângă un vehicul mic roșu.	A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
2.2	Autobuz roșu cu etaj luând pasageri.	Autobuz roșu cu etaj cu capota sus.	Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	Red double decker bus with hood up.
0.0	O statuie a lui Buddha ținând o lumânare stă pe o masă.	Un bărbat pescuind pe o barcă mică în timp ce se află pe un lac.	A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.	A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
2.0	Trei persoane stând la o masă zâmbind la aparatul foto.	Două femei bătrâne stau la o masă cu un bărbat.	Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.	Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
2.8	Un tren multicolor pe o cale ferată.	Un tren aproape tot negru pe o cale ferată.	A multi-colored train on a track.	A mostly black train on a track.
2.2	Un autobuz alb-roșu mergând pe stradă.	Autobuzul roșu este pe stradă.	A white and red bus traveling on the street.	The red bus is on the street.
3.2	Un avion roș-albastru zburând cu trenul de aterizare coborât.	Un avion de luptă din Al Doilea Război Mondial cu trenul de aterizare coborât.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
3.0	O barcă mică coborând pe un pârâu.	o barcă mișcându-se într-un râu.	Small boat going down a creek.	a boat moving in a river.
3.0	Patru femei și doi bărbați stau la o masă lungă într-un restaurant.	Un grup de oameni stau la o masă într-un restaurant italian.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
0.0	Două capre stând intr-un câmp lângă un copac.	O barcă mare trăgând o barcă mică albă.	Two goats standing in a field by a tree.	A large boat pulling a small white boat.
3.0	O fotografie alb-negru a unei camere de zi cu o fereastră mare, o canapea și un scaun.	O scenă alb-neagră a unei camere bine mobilate, cu vedere spre o pădure.	A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.	A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
3.6	Un prim-plan al unui cal maro cu un căpăstru albastru.	Un prim-plan al unui cal purtând un căpăstru albastru.	Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.	A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
2.6	O pasăre neagră mare stă în apă.	Păsările înoată în apă.	A large black bird is sitting in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water.
3.4	Un prim-plan al unei pisici pe o canapea crem.	O pisică siameză sprijinită pe o canapea albă.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
2.25	O persoană sare cu bicicleta și efectuează un truc.	O persoană mergând cu o motociletă de teren în aer liber.	A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
4.0	Un autobuz școlar galben este parcat într-o zonă rurală.	Un autobuz școlar galben parcat pe un câmp.	A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	A yellow school bus parked in a field.
3.2	Un câine pug stă pe un scaun galben lângă un tomberon verde.	Un bulldog așezat pe un scaun galben lângă un recipient mare de deșeuri.	A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
0.0	Femeia stă pe motocicleta roșie.	Oaia albă stă pe dealul verde.	The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
4.2	O oaie stând pe o masă la licitație.	Oaia lânoasă la casa de licitații.	A sheep standing on a table at auction.	Woolly sheep at auction house.
0.0	Un prim-plan al unei locomotive negre.	Prim-plan al unei oi albe cu un cap negru.	A close-up of a black train engine.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
4.0	O pisică alb-portocalie adormită pe un scaun din piele.	O pisică alb-portocalie stând pe o pătură într-un scaun din piele neagră.	A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
3.0	un tren merge pe șinele sale.	Trenul vine pe calea ferată între două rânduri de copaci.	a train rides on his tracks.	The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
3.8	Vaca alb-neagră stând pe câmpul ierbos.	O vacă alb-neagră cu coarne stând pe un câmp.	Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
4.0	Un autobuz roșu United cu etaj pe o stradă a orașului.	Un autobuz cu etaj merge pe o stradă a orașului.	A double decker red United bus on a city street.	A double decker bus drives on a city street.
2.6	Televizorul și biroul camerei de hotel cu iluminare la lampă.	Un televizor și un laptop sunt pornite în camera de hotel.	The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.	A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
2.8	Un bărbat mergând cu o bicicletă mică.	Un bărbat se ridică pe o roată pe o bicicletă.	A man riding a small bicycle.	A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
0.4	O femeie purtând o rochie bleumarin taie un tort pe o masă albă.	O persoană purtând cască stă pe bicicletă într-o zi însorită.	A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.	A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
4.0	Un tren negru se deplasează pe căile ferate.	Un tren mergând pe căile ferate.	A black train moves down the tracks.	A train traveling down the tracks.
1.0	O pictură în prim-plan a unei motociclete albe cu violet.	o pictură în prim-plan a unui birou cu un calculator și hârtii pe el.	A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
3.8	O fată tânără călărind un cal maro.	O femeie călărește un cal maro.	A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman in riding a brown horse.
0.0	Două femei în bucătărie privind un obiect.	Trei bărbați în costume stând la o masă.	Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Three men in suits sitting at a table.
2.2	Două femei pozându-se cu un bebeluș.	O femeie pozează cu un bebeluș.	Two women posing with a baby.	A woman poses with a baby.
2.8	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese cu mâncare.	Patru oameni stau într-o sufragerie cu gustări.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
4.0	O motocicletă albastră este parcată pe trotuar.	Un moped albastru parcat pe trotuar.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
4.8	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj pe o stradă a orașului.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe o stradă.	A red double decker bus on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.
2.4	Două trenuri în interiorul unei gări.	Trenul stă în gară.	Two trains inside a train station.	The train sits at the train station.
2.2	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb.	O femeie cu un cal alb.	A man riding a white horse.	A woman with a white horse.
2.2	Un bărbat și două femei zâmbind la aparatul foto în timp ce stau pe o canapea albastră.	Un bărbat și o femeie zâmbind la aparatul foto în timp ce stau într-o bucătărie.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
3.4	O navă de croazieră mare în port cu copaci în spate.	O navă de croazieră acostată pe o coastă.	A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	A cruise ship docked at a coast.
3.8	Două vaci traversând o intersecție rutieră.	Două vaci traversează o stradă pavată.	Two cows crossing a road intersection.	Two cows cross a paved street.
4.0	Câteva vaci păscând pe mijlocul unui drum.	Cinci vaci păscând pe un petic de iarbă între două drumuri.	Several cows grazing on the median by the road.	Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
4.2	O vacă neagră și o vacă maro stau într-o câmpie în fața unui copac dezrădăcinat.	O vacă neagră și o vacă maro stând în fața unei mici dumbrăvi de copaci într-un câmp.	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
3.6	Autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe stradă.	Un autobuz cu etaj pe o stradă a orașului.	Red double decker bus driving down street.	A double decker bus on a city street.
1.2	Vacă cafenie cu urechi etichetate pe un câmp ierbos.	Persoană într-un câmp ierbos îngrijind oi.	Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
1.2	Un prim-plan a părții din față a unei motociclete albe cu violet.	Prim-plan al părții din spate a unei mașini de sport roșie.	A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.	Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
4.6	Două femei cumpărând de la un magazin de haine.	Două femei într-un magazin de haine.	Two women shopping at a clothing store.	Two women in a clothing store.
4.6	Un grup de oameni stând la o masă de restaurant.	Grup de oameni stând la o masa dintr-un restaurantului.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
0.0	Un prim-plan al unui cap de cal maro.	Un prim-plan al unui autobuz școlar galben.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A close-up of a yellow school bus.
0.0	O persoană cu o șapcă roșie stând lângă o grindă de susținere din cărămidă.	Un cal maro stă pe iarbă și tufe.	A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
2.6	Un mânz merge pe lângă mama sa într-un câmp ierbos.	Prim-plan al uniui cal tânăr plimbându-se pe lângă un cal mai mare.	A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.	Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
3.8	O femeie stând lângă o vacă maro.	O femeie cu ochelari stă lângă o vacă pe un câmp.	A women standing next to a brown cow.	A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
3.6	Un câine aruncă o privire din spatele unui camion.	Un câine aruncă o privire din spatele unei dubițe.	A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
3.8	Femeie îmbrăcată în rochie albastră tăind mâncare.	O femeie în rochie albastră taie un tort.	Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
3.6	Pisica alb-neagră se uită în sus spre aparatul foto.	O pisică albă cu negru și gri privind la aparatul foto.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
3.2	Două fete brunete stau pe o motocicletă roșie cu galben cu o mașină lângă ele.	Un cuplu pozând pe o motocicletă galbenă cu roșu.	Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.	A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
3.6	O mică pisică albă stând într-o chiuvetă.	Pisica gri cu ală stând în chiuveta din baie.	A small white cat standing in a sink.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
3.6	Un bărbat pe bancheta din spate a unei biciclete tandem roșii.	Un bărbat este singur pe spatele unei biciclete tandem.	A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
4.0	Un calculator pe un birou.	Un calculator funcționând pe un birou.	A computer on a desk.	A computer operating on a desk.
1.6	Un copil mic zâmbind la aparatul foto.	Un copil mic stă pe un perete de ciment lângă o floare albă.	A small child smiling at the camera.	A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
2.4	O pasăre mică plutind în apă.	O rață plutind în apă.	A little bird floating in the water.	A duck floating in the water.
3.8	Un autobuz alb cu cuvântul Julia este aproape de apă și o navă mare.	Un autobuz alb cu apă și o barjă în fundal	A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.	A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
2.6	Tren vechi alb-albastru pe șine.	Un tren albastru într-o zonă muntoasă.	Old blue and white train on tracks.	A blue train in a mountainous area.
4.0	Barcă galbenă pe o plajă.	O barcă galbenă pe țărm.	Yellow boat on a beach.	A yellow boat on shore.
3.4	O bucătarie cu hârtii așezate pe masa cu fața albastră de masă.	O bucătărie mică și o masă dezordonată cu o față de masă albastră.	A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
3.8	Tren într-o gară.	Trenuri în interiorul unei stații acoperite.	Train in a station.	Trains inside an indoor station.
4.0	O pisică cenușie stă pe bordura ferestrei privind aparatul foto.	Pisica stă pe pragul ferestrei privind aparatul foto.	A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.	The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
0.0	Bărbat cântând la chitară în timp ce stă jos.	Autobuz alb-roșu mergând pe drum.	Man playing guitar while sitting down.	Red and white bus driving down road.
4.2	Autobuz roșu cu etaj, mergând pe o stradă.	Un autobuz cu etaj pe o stradă a orașului.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus on a city street.
4.6	Trei vaci pasc intr-un câmp ierbos.	Trei vaci păscând într-un câmp.	Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.	Three cows grazing in a field.
2.25	Trenul maro stă pe șinele de cale ferată.	Trenul alb stă pe șine.	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	The white train is sitting on the tracks.
0.4	O vacă alb-neagră cu coarne stând pe un câmp.	O fotografie alb-negru a unei pisici stând pe o canapea.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
1.6	O fată mică blondă într-o rochie albastră stă pe o masă lângă mama ei.	O fată tânără blondă purtând o cască stă cu o bicicletă roșie în spatele ei.	A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.	A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
2.6	Un grup de oameni stând la o masă de restaurant.	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese pe o verandă.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
0.4	O vacă alb-neagră într-un țarc cu fân.	O pisică alb-neagră stă pe pământ.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
3.2	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj.	Partea din față și partea stângă a unui autobuz roșu cu etaj.	A red, double-decker bus.	Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
3.2	O vedere de aproape a unui cap de cal.	O vedere laterală a unui cap de cal.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head.
3.2	O navă din lemn demodată în ocean.	Un iaht de lemn pe ocean.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	A wooden yacht on the ocean.
4.4	O oaie stând într-o zonă muntoasă.	O oaie mare stând pe un deal.	A sheep standing in a mountainous area.	A large sheep standing on a hill.
4.8	Un avion alb pe pista de decolare.	Un avion alb este pe o pistă de decolare.	A white plane on the runway.	A white airplane is on a runway.
4.4	Un cățel cafeniu fiind mângâiat.	Un cățeluș cafeniu ținut și mângâiat.	A tan puppy being petted.	A tan puppy being held and petted.
3.8	Sală de mese elegantă cu mobilier din lemn.	O sală de mese elegantă roz cu mobilier din lemn.	Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
2.0	O femeie stând întinsă peste doi bărbați ce stau pe o canapea.	Doi bărbați în pantaloni scurți stau pe o canapea.	A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
3.6	două motociclete pe o pistă de pământ.	Doi motocicliști de teren mergând pe dealul de pământ.	two motorbikes on a dirt track.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
2.2	Pisica alb-neagră se uită în sus spre aparatul foto.	Un câine alb-negru privind aparatul foto.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.
5.0	O pisică gri cu ochii verzi privește aparatul foto.	O pisică cenușie cu ochii verzi uitându-se în aparatul foto.	A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
0.2	Doi miei stau pe un deal ierbos.	Doi motocicliști de teren mergând pe dealul de pământ.	Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
3.0	Un bărbat în alb cu o sticlă de vin și o femeie în helancă roșie cu o vestă albă.	Un bărbat și o femeie pozând pe un câmp cu o sticlă de vin.	A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.	A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
1.8	O vacă stă singură în frigul curții.	o vacă alb-neagră stând pe câmp.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	a black and white cow standing in the field.
3.6	Un autobuz cu etaj merge pe o stradă.	Un autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe o stradă.	A double decker bus drives on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street.
1.8	Pisică alb-neagră mare sprijinindu-se pe un pervaz.	O pisică mică albă stând într-o chiuvetă.	Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.	A small white cat sitting in a sink.
4.2	Băiat hrănind o oaie.	Un băiat hrănind o oaie cu fân.	Boy feeding a sheep.	A boy feeding a sheep hay.
0.0	O fată într-un desktop negru ține o cutie deschisă de fulgi de porumb și o cutie de lapte.	O fată purtând pantaloni scurți negri și cizme stă lângă o motocicletă albastră.	A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.	A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
0.8	un prim-plan al unui cactus mic într-un ghiveci.	un prim-plan al unei femei ținând un cățeluș alb.	a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
4.0	Oaia albă stă pe dealul verde.	O oaie stă pe marginea unui deal.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside.
0.0	O pasăre alb-neagră pe un corp de apă cu iarbă în fundal.	Un autobuz este pe o șosea cu o roată carusel în fundal.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
0.0	O bicicletă din lemn cu o prelată.	Un grup de oameni bătrâni stând în jurul unei mese.	A wooden bicycle with an awning.	A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
4.5	O fotografie alb-negru a unui gard din lemn dărăpănată.	O fotografie alb-negru a unui gard vechi din lemn lângă o stradă murdară.	A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
2.6	Doi cai maro stând într-o pajiște verde.	Un cal maro stă în iarbă înaltă.	Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	A brown horse stands in tall grass.
1.6	Doi bărbați purtând căști pentru biciclete.	Doi bărbați stau cu bicicletele în afara unui magazin.	Two men wearing bike helmets.	Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
3.4	Un bărbat jucându-se un joc video într-un magazin.	Bărbat jucându-se un joc într-un magazin.	A man playing a video game in a store.	Man playing game in a store.
3.6	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese pe o verandă.	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese cu mâncare pe ea.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
0.0	O tânără purtând o cască de bicicletă cu o bicicletă în fundal.	O femeie ține un câine mic cu o lesă având scaune în fundal.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
5.0	partea din spate a unui indicator rutier de oprire cu multe stickere pe el.	Spatele indicatorului rutirer de oprire este împodobit cu stickere.	the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
4.0	O bicicletă este parcată în afara unei librării.	O bicicletă verde parcată în afara unei librării.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A green bike parked outside a book store.
4.4	un autobuz turistic maroniu cu etaj dublu pe o stradă cu o roată carusel în spatele lui.	Un autobuz cu două etaje deplasându-se în fața unei roți de feribot.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
0.6	Un scaun alb-negru așezat în fața unui perete de cărămidă și o fereastră cu o plantă de bambus într-o vază.	O oaie cu cap negru acoperită cu lână albă groasă stă într-o pășune cu alte oi.	A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
3.6	Un bărbat într-o uniformă neagră pe un cal alb.	Un bărbat în smoching pe un cal alb.	A man in a black uniform on a white horse.	A man in a tux on a white horse.
4.0	Două femei stau într-o sufragerie cu un câine negru.	Două femei stând în picioare într-o sufragerie cu un câine negru privind spre cameră.	Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.	Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
3.2	Doi oameni vâslind la o canoe roșie sunt reflectați în apa liniștită.	Doi oameni vâslind într-o canoe roșie cu copaci în fundal.	Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
4.0	O vedere în prim-plan al farurilor unei mașini albastre de modă veche.	Prim-plan al farurilor unei mașini albastre.	A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
2.4	Mașini mergând pe lângă un model de clădire.	Vehicule conducând în faţa unei clădiri ornamentate.	Cars driving near a model building.	Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
2.6	Un avion albastru cu portocaliu zburând cu trenul de aterizare coborât.	Un avion roș-albastru zburând cu trenul de aterizare coborât.	A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
4.0	O pisică alb-neagră întinsă pe o pătură.	O pisică alb-neagră doarme pe o pătură violet.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
0.2	O clădire cu un indicator temporar la intrarea din parcare.	Drum cu imaginea din spate a farurilor din spate ale unui autobuz.	A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
3.4	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese cu mâncare.	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unei mese pe o verandă.	A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
3.2	Un bărbat și femei stând pe o canapea ținând un bebeluș mic.	o femeie așezată pe o canapea ținând un bebeluș.	A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
3.0	O pisică alb-neagră întinsă pe o pătură.	O pisică alb-neagră dormind pe o parte pe o pătură mov.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
1.8	O fotografie alb-negru a unei canapele cu două locuri.	O fotografie alb-negru a unei biciclete.	A black and white photo of a love seat.	A black and white photo of a bicycle.
4.2	O sufragerie cu o masă în fundal.	Vedere a unei sufragerii cu o sală de mese în fundal.	A living room with a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
4.25	Un tren roșu cu gri trece printr-un tunel.	Un tren roșu cu gri străbate un tunel printre copaci.	A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
4.2	Autobuz roșu cu etaj cu capotă deschisă.	Un autobuz vechi cu etaj Red London cu capota ridicată.	Red double decker bus with hood open.	An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
1.8	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb.	O femeie conducând un cal alb.	A man riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse.
3.8	Vedere a unei sufragerii cu o sală de mese în fundal.	O sufragerie cu canapele mari și o masă în fundal.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
0.8	Un pisoi portocaliu așezat pe o canapea de piele.	Cuplu tânăr stând pe o canapea neagră.	An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.	Young couple sitting on a black couch.
3.0	O persoană purtând o cască de bicicletă vorbește pe un telefon mobil.	O persoană purtând o cască merge cu o bicicletă pe lângă o clădire albă.	A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
3.6	Un tren de metrou intrând în gară.	Un tren alb intrând într-o gară.	A subway train pulling into the station.	A white train pulling into a station.
3.8	O bicicletă este parcată langă un magazin.	O bicicletă verde parcată în afara unei librării.	A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A green bike parked outside a book store.
0.0	Doi bărbați stând pe plajă.	Două femei stând în fața unui autobuz turistic.	Two men standing on beach.	Two women standing in front of tour bus.
1.4	Câine cu părul lung negru stând într-un câmp ierbos.	O gaiță albastră stând într-un câmp ierbos.	Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
0.2	Un birou mic cu scaun lângă un dulap pentru rufe.	O cameră cu pereți cafenii și o mașină de spălat și uscător.	A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
4.6	Autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând printre străzi.	Autobuz roșu cu etaj mergând pe o stradă.	Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Red double decker bus driving down a street.
3.0	O gâscă agitându-și aripile într-un corp de apă.	O lebădă neagră agitându-și aripile pe apă.	A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
4.4	Băiat stând pe o canapea cu câine.	Băiatul stă pe o canapea cu un cățeluș.	Boy laying on couch with dog.	The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
5.0	O imagine alb-negru a unei pisici așezate pe un covor.	Imagine alb-negru a unei pisici așezate pe un covor.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
3.6	Un avion mare cu reacție pe pământ la aeroport.	Un avion mare parcat la aeroport în timpul nopții.	A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
0.0	Două femei stau într-o cafenea.	Doi bărbați prinzând un pește într-o mlaștină.	Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
4.0	Opt sticle de lager Harp aliniate pe podea.	Opt sticle de bere Harp aliniate pe o podea din lemn.	Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.	Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
1.4	Un copil mic zâmbind la aparatul foto.	O pisică uitându-se la aparatul foto.	A small child smiling at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera.
2.6	O femeie călărind un cal maro.	Persoană îmbrăcată în albastru călărind un cal maro.	A woman riding a brown horse.	Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
3.2	fotografie a unui ecran de televizor arătând un film.	Televizorul cu ecran plat montat pe perete arată un film.	photo of a television screen showing a movie.	The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
4.2	O pasăre cocoțată pe un ghiveci de flori.	Pasăre cocoțată pe un ghiveci lângă un perete cu stuc.	A bird perched on a flowerpot.	Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
3.4	Pisică albă stând în interiorul unei chiuvete.	Pisica alb-gri stând în chiuveta din baie.	White cat sitting inside of a sink.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
4.4	Femeie tânără în echipament de călărie pe un cal.	Fată tânără în echipament de călărie pe un cal.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
3.8	Doi oameni navighează pe o barcă mică.	Două femei într-o barcă cu pânze.	Two people are sailing a small boat.	Two women in a sailboat.
3.0	O pasăre mică pe o ramură minusculă.	O pasăre mică cocoțată pe o ramură înghețată.	A small bird on a tiny branch.	A small bird perched on an icy branch.
1.6	Două animale stând pe o stâncă.	Doi vulturi așezați pe o ramură lungă.	Two animals sitting on a rock.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
4.2	Două pisici stau pe spatele unei canapele privind pe fereastră.	Două pisici stau pe spatele unei canapele și privesc pe fereastră într-o fotografie de mare.	Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
4.4	Două tinere tund o oaie.	Două femei tunzând o oaie.	Two young women shear a sheep.	Two women sheering a sheep.
3.8	Tânărul călăreț face o plimbare pe calul maro.	O tânără călăreață pe un cal maro.	The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.	A young female rider on a brown horse.
3.0	Șase oameni sunt așezați la o masă de restaurant și privesc aparatul foto.	Un grup de oameni stând la o masă de restaurant.	Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
3.8	Miel mic alb cu nasul pe lemn.	Un miel alb cu nasul sprijinit de o cutie de lemn.	Little white lamb with nose to wood.	A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
4.6	O fată tânără călărind un cal alb-cenușiu.	o fetiță călărește un cal alb-gri.	A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
3.2	Un câine negru stă lângă materialele de pe un șantier.	Un câine negru stând într-o cameră în construcție.	A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
3.6	O pasăre își agită aripile în apă.	O lebădă neagră agitându-și aripile pe apă.	A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
3.75	O pisică alb-neagră întinsă pe o pătură.	O pisică alb-neagră stând pe un pat de pisici.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
3.8	Femeie tânără în echipament de călărie pe un cal.	Femeia călărește calul maro.	Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	The woman is riding on the brown horse.
3.4	Un avion în curs de pregătire pentru decolare.	Un mic avion turbopropulsor fiind încărcat pe pistă.	A plane being readied for take-off.	A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
0.0	O canapea albă din piele cu o poșetă și o pătură aruncate pe ea.	Un televizor cu o emisiune în derulare.	A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	A television with a show on.
4.2	O bucătărie cu dulapuri și mobilier din lemn.	Bucătărie cu masă din lemn și dulapuri.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
0.8	Pisica atacă o mătură de paie din porumb.	Pisica alb-gri stând în chiuveta din baie.	The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
4.2	Un cuplu ține un copil.	Cuplu cu bebeluș nou-născut.	A couple holds a baby.	Couple with newborn baby.
4.25	O pasăre mică mâncând de la un hrănitor.	Pasăre mâncând dintr-un hrănitor pentru păsări.	A small bird eating from the feeder.	Bird eating from a bird feeder.
4.0	Prim-plan al unei oi albe cu un cap negru.	Un prim-plan al unei oi cu un cap negru.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
5.0	Un băiat tânăr așezat pe o canapea cu un câine.	Un băiat mic așezat pe o canapea cu un câine.	A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
3.2	O pasăre roșie este cocoțată într-un copac.	O pasăre mică, roșu cu gri cocoțată într-un copac.	A red bird is perched in a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
0.4	Două autobuze parcate pe o stradă.	Scuter galben parcat într-o alee.	Two buses parked on a street.	Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
1.0	Un câine alb-negru privind aparatul foto.	O pisică albă cu gri și negru privind la aparatul foto.	A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
4.8	Un tren este pe căile ferate.	Un tren pe șinele de tren.	A train is on the railroad tracks.	A train on the train tracks.
3.0	Locomotivă mare argintie într-o magazie.	Un prim-plan al unei locomotive argintii cu bandă roșie.	Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
2.6	O femeie stând la o masă bând cu o poză a unei mingi de baschet în fundal.	O femeie într-un sari bea ceva în timp ce stă la o masă.	A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.	A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
3.0	O locomotivă cu abur verde călătorind pe căile ferate.	Un tren negru cu aburi mergând pe căile ferate.	A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
4.0	O mică mașină roșie înaintea unei semi-remorci.	Mașină sport roșie deasupra unei semi-remorci albe.	A small red car on top of a semi truck.	Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
3.4	Bărbatul pozează pentru o fotografie în fața trenului.	Un bărbat stă pe un peron în fața unui tren argintiu.	The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
3.4	Un biciclist în negru pe o bicicletă de curse neagră cu roșu.	Un ciclist în salopetă alb-neagră trecând cu viteză pe lângă spectatori.	A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.	A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
3.8	O chiuvetă de bucătărie și o tejghea cu boluri pe rafturi.	O bucătărie mică, cu obiecte așezate pe rafturi și pe tejghea.	A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.	A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
3.2	Un televizor într-o cameră dezordonată cu mai multe biblioteci.	O cameră cu un televizor, casetofon și raft de cărți.	A television in a messy room with several bookcases.	A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
2.8	O pisică alb-neagră dormind pe o parte pe o pătură mov.	O pisică alb-neagră așezată pe pământ la soare.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
3.8	O femeie mergând cu bicicleta pe o zonă mare de beton.	O femeie mergând cu o bicicletă montană pe o zonă mare de beton.	A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.	A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
2.8	Două vaci stând într-un câmp mare.	Vaca paște într-un câmp.	Two cows standing in a large field.	The cow is grazing in a field.
3.4	Un bărbat chel atinge nasul unui cal negru de cealaltă parte a unui gard.	Un bărbat chel cu barbă mângâie nasul unui cal alb-negru la gard.	A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.	A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
4.0	Un bărbat stă lângă o mașină galbenă sport.	Un bărbat stă lângă un Corvette galben.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
3.2	o fotografie alb-negru cu vaci în grajdurile lor.	O fotografie alb-negru a vitelor la un jgheab.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
4.2	Autobuz cu etaj cu roata carusel Ochiul Londrei în fundal.	un autobuz turistic maro cu etaj pe o stradă cu o roată carusel în spatele lui.	Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
0.6	O pasăre neagră cu galben mănâncă dintr-o hrănitoare pentru păsări.	Un stol de păsări zburând peste un corp de apă.	A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.	A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
3.8	Un bărbat stă în fața unui tren.	Un bărbat stă pe un peron în fața unui tren argintiu.	A man stands in front of a train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
4.6	Un avion mic parcat pe un aerodrom cu un cer înnorat deasupra.	Un avion mic alb parcat într-un aeroport într-o zi înnorată.	A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
3.4	O barcă se află pe apă aproape de un avion mic.	O barcă este în apă și un avion mic este în port.	A boat is on the water near a small plane.	A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
0.6	Un bărbat călărind un cal alb într-o arenă.	Un animal domestic stă într-un țarc.	A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A domestic animal stands in a pen.
4.2	Un calculator Macintosh așezat pe podea.	un calculator pe podea.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	a computer on the floor.
0.4	O pisică alb-neagră stă pe un scaun maro privind în sus.	Un câine stând pe un scaun galben lângă un tomberon verde.	A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
2.8	oaie stând într-un câmp.	Un câine mare stă lângă o oaie într-un câmp.	sheep standing in afield.	A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
3.4	Grup de persoane în vârstă stând în jurul unei mese.	Un grup de persoane în vârstă pozează în jurul unei mese.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
2.8	Trei femei cu părul maro zâmbesc.	Trei femei în rochii indiene într-o cameră aglomerată zâmbind.	Three women with brown hair are smiling.	Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
1.6	O fotografie alb-negru a unei gări goale.	O fotografie alb-negru a unei pisici stând pe o canapea.	A black and white photo of an empty train station.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
0.0	Doi câini într-o cușcă îngrădită privesc înainte.	Două fete pe un tip pozând pe prova unei bărci.	Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
0.6	O vacă alb-neagră uitându-se prin gard.	O pisică alb-neagră așezată pe pământ la soare.	A black and white cow looking through the fence.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
1.8	Câțiva oameni pe motociclete într-o piață.	Oamenii merg cu mopedele într-un cadru urban.	Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
1.8	Un prim-plan al unei oi în iarbă.	Un prim-plan al unui miel cu urechea etichetată, stând pe iarbă.	A close-up of a sheep in the grass.	A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
2.0	Pisică domestică stând pe spate pe cutia pentru pisici.	Pisică domestică cafenie sub prelată neagră.	Pisică domestică stând pe spate pe nisip pentru pisici.	Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
3.2	Două păsări verzi zboară spre un stâlp telefonic din lemn.	Două păsări verzi zburând deasupra cablurilor de telefon.	Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
3.0	O persoană stând pe o motocicletă în timp ce un bărbat așteaptă.	Un bărbat stă lângă un bărbat cu cască pe o motocicletă într-o parcare goală.	A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.	A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
2.6	Trei vaci păscând într-un câmp.	Două vaci pasc într-un câmp.	Three cows grazing in a field.	Two cows graze in a field.
4.4	O pasăre albastră cocoțată pe o mână înmănușată.	O pasăre este cocoțată pe mâna înmănușată a unei persoane.	A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
4.0	Un bebeluș ține un pachet de ketchup.	Un bebeluș într-un scaun înalt ține un pachet de ketchup.	A baby holds a ketchup packet.	A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
4.2	O vedere de aproape a unui cap de cal.	Un prim-plan al unui cap de cal maro.	A close-up view of a horse's head.	A close-up of a brown horse's head.
5.0	Un tren este într-o gară.	un tren într-o gară.	A train is at a train station.	a train in a station.
3.6	Un cal maro închis stând într-un câmp.	Cal stând într-un câmp.	A dark brown horse standing in a field.	Horse standing in a field.
0.8	O pisică mică stând pe o grindă de lemn privind în sus la aparatul foto.	Câinele mic poartă un pulover și se uită în sus la aparatul foto.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
2.5	Pasărea neagră stă pe pământ.	Pasărea stă pe ramură.	The black bird is sitting on the ground.	The bird is sitting on the branch.
2.0	O mică pasăre maro mănâncă dintr-un hrănitor pentru păsări atârnând într-un copac.	O pasăre mică roșie cu gri cocoțată într-un copac.	A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
4.4	O pereche de câini jucându-se cu o minge mov.	Doi câini se joacă cu o minge de fotbal mov.	A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	Two dogs play with purple football.
0.6	o pasăre aterizează în apă.	o barcă plutește în apă.	a bird lands in the water.	a boat floats in the water.
4.6	Trei copii stau pe sau lângă un gard.	Cei trei copii stau pe și lângă un gard.	Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
4.8	Un câine negru iese din apă cu o bilă albă în gură.	un câine negru ieșind din apă cu o minge albă în gură.	A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
0.4	O fată într-o cămașă mov și bentiță roz pozând.	O fată tânără purtând o pălărie și blugi albaștri este într-un leagăn.	A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
0.0	Un câine maro săpând o gaură în fața unei plante	Un grup de oameni mergând pe marginea unei căi ferate.	A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
4.6	Câinele alb-maro înoată într-o piscină.	Un câine alb-maro înoată într-o piscină din curtea din spate.	The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
0.0	Un băiat într-o sanie roșie coboară pe deal.	Un câine multicolor cu o zgardă roșie se pitește în iarbă.	A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
4.0	Un câine negru cu maro aleargă prin pădure.	Un câine alerând prin pădure.	A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	A dog running through the woods.
4.4	Cei doi câini aleargă pe iarbă.	Doi câini se joacă în iarbă.	The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
0.6	O fată tânără arată semnul păcii.	O fetiță se ține de un stâlp pe o stradă din oraș.	A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
0.6	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o margine a unei prăpăstii deasupra apei.	Om stând singur pe un debarcader cu o sticlă de apă.	A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
4.6	Un bărbat așezat pe vine și ținând un aparat foto.	Bărbatul ce stă pe vine ține un aparat foto mare.	A man crouching and holding a camera.	The crouching man is holding a large camera.
2.6	Bărbatul mergând cu bicicleta pe o potecă îngustă.	Un bărbat mergând pe un monociclu pe un drum pavat.	Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
0.6	Un bărbat purtând o haină portocalie vorbește cu altul în timp ce merg prin zăpadă.	Un bărbat și o femeie îmbrăcați în haine de modă veche stau afară la o masă.	A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
4.0	Un câine sare în aer pentru a prinde o jucărie.	Un câine negru sare în aer pentru a prinde o jucărie.	A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
0.0	Un câine maro așezat pe o pătură albastră.	O persoană se scufundă într-o apă limpede albastră.	A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
0.0	Cei doi băieți se joacă în câmp.	Cei doi oameni au capul acoperit cu eșarfe.	The two boys play in the field.	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
2.2	Cei doi câini aleargă prin iarbă.	Trei câini aleargă în zăpadă.	The two dogs are running through the grass.	Three dogs run in the snow.
4.0	Un băiat cu un braț rupt se odihnește într-un pat.	Un băiat cu un braț rupt doarme.	A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
4.8	băiat făcând trucuri pe un skateboard	Un băiat face un truc pe un skateboard.	boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
2.6	Trei câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Trei câini se joacă în apă.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.
1.2	O fetiță cu o panglică în păr se scobește în nas.	O fetiță îmbrăcată într-o cămașă mov și cu cască mergând pe un scuter.	A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
1.8	O fată tânără coborând pe un tobogan tubular.	O fată tânără legănându-se într-un leagăn de cauciuc.	A young girl going down a tube slide.	A young girl swinging off a tire swing
2.6	Mulți oameni participă la cursa de biciclete, inclusiv un bărbat pe o bicicletă cu trei roți.	Un bărbat mergând pe un scaun cu rotile cu trei roți.	Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
0.8	Un grup de oameni poartă urechi de iepuraș.	Un grup de oameni călăresc într-o cursă.	A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	A group of people ride in a race
4.0	Un câine într-un tricou „superman” doarme pe o pătură.	Un câine maro într-un tricou cu Superman stă pe o pătură albastră.	"A dog in a ""superman"" shirt sleeps on a blanket."	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
4.8	Câinele alb-maro aleargă peste iarbă.	Un câine alb-maro aleargă peste iarbă.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
3.8	Un câine maro își odihnește labele pe o tastatură de laptop.	Un câine stă cu labele pe un laptop.	A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
2.6	O fată tânără cu ochelari stă jos și ține două steaguri americane.	O fată cu ochelari se uită la două steaguri americane lângă o zonă împădurită.	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
3.0	Un câine mic alb-maro sare peste un stâlp orizontal.	un câine alb-maro sărind peste un stâlp roșu cu galben	A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
4.8	Doi câini aleargă printr-o zonă ierboasă.	Doi câini alergând prin câmpul ierbos.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
1.6	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o frânghie deasupra apei.	Un bărbat îmbrăcat în haine călduroase legănându-se noaptea pe bare de cățărat.	A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
4.6	Doi bărbați asiatici și o femeie asiatică stau pe scaune de masaj negre.	Doi bărbați asiatici și o femeie se relaxează pe scaune de masaj.	Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
5.0	O fată jucându-se într-un morman de bile colorate.	O fetiță se joacă într-o groapă de bile colorate.	A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
0.0	Un bărbat mai în vârstă stă afară în fața unui camion.	O femeie îmbrăcată în verde se dă cu rolele afară la un eveniment.	An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
4.6	Bărbat zâmbitor cu ochelari reflectorizanti.	Un domn zâmbind și arătându-și ochelarii de soare reflectorizanți.	Smiling man with reflective classes.	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
4.8	cinci persoane stând pe un trotuar	Cinci oameni pe un trotuar.	five people standing on a sidewalk	Five people on a sidewalk.
1.4	Câinele alb aleargă peste zăpadă.	Un urs alb merge de-a lungul pământului acoperit de zăpadă și lasă o umbră pe zăpadă.	The white dog runs across the snow.	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
1.2	Un băiat tânăr într-o jachetă maro jucându-se cu zăpada.	Doi câini se joacă în zăpadă.	A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
2.4	Un bărbat ridicând o piatră mare.	O femeie ridicând o piatră mare.	A man picking up a big rock.	A woman picking up a large rock.
4.6	Un câine alb-maro aleargă peste iarbă.	Un câine alb-maro aleargă de-a lungul ierbii.	A white and brown dog is running over grass.	A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
0.0	Bărbatul duce o ladă de unelte pe trotuar.	O femeie merge cu o bicicletă albastră într-un parc.	Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
3.4	Un bărbat purtând un tricou pe care scrie „Gigolo” stă la tejghea vorbind cu cineva.	Un bărbat purtând un tricou pe care scrie „Gigolo” stă la o recepție cu spatele la aparatul foto.	"A man wearing a t-shirt that says ""Gigolo"" stands at the counter talking to someone."	"A man wearing a shirt that says ""Gigolo"" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera."
0.0	Un cort și o tabără într-o pădure luminată de soare.	Un câine alb pe plajă cară un băț în gură.	A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
4.2	Doi câini mari alergând în niște iarbă.	Doi câini Brindle alergând în iarbă.	Two large dogs running in some grass.	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
2.6	Un câine înotând cu un băț în gură.	Un câine alergând cu un băț în gură.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
2.33	Un bărbat făcând aport cu doi câini maro.	O femeie se joacă cu un câine maro.	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.
3.6	un câine aleargă peste nisip cu un băț în gură.	Un câine aleargă printr-un pârâu cu un băț în gură.	a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
3.4	Un bărbat stă în apă lângă o cascadă.	Un bărbat se bălăcește prin apă și privește o cascadă.	A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
3.0	Un câine cafeniu sare în sus să prindă o minge de tenis.	Un câine roșu sare și prinde o minge de tenis în gură.	A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
2.4	Bărbatul sare în apă.	Bărbatul este sus în aer.	The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.
2.4	O femeie într-o cămașă neagră stă în fața bananelor la un stand de fructe.	o femeie îmbrăcată în negru stă în fața unui camion.	A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
1.2	Un copil sare într-o piscină.	Un câine sărind într-o piscină.	A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
4.8	Un băiețel sărind de pe un scaun pe altul.	Un băiețel sărind de pe un scaun pe altul în casa lui	A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
0.0	O fată își flutură părul lung ud într-un lac.	O persoană mergând pe o motocicletă de teren.	A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	A person riding a dirt bike.
2.8	Doi câini jucându-se la mal.	Doi câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
0.0	O fetiță merge pe un trotuar cu cupole albastre în fundal.	Un bărbat trecând cu o săritură pe bicicleta cu un râu în fundal	A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
2.2	Două femei stând pe o bancă, cu fețele ascunse, cu o femeie ținând un tigru gonflabil și cealaltă femeie în costum Disney de Albă ca Zăpada.	O fată stă pe o bancă ținând un tigru gonflabil lângă o altă fată într-un costum colorat.	Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
0.0	Un băiat și două fete zâmbesc la aparatul foto.	Trei câini, unul alb și doi maro, aleargă împreună pe un câmp de iarbă.	A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
5.0	Un câine înotând cu un băț în gură.	Câine înotând în apă cu un băț în gură.	A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
5.0	Un pudel negru se joacă în zăpadă.	Un pudel negru zburdă în zăpadă.	A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
1.4	două fete prezentând un fluturaș dintr-un film înfricoșător	Două fete ținând saci stau într-un câmp.	two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
3.2	Trei băieți aleargă pe plajă jucând un joc.	Doi băieți tineri și un bărbat tânăr aleargă pe o plajă cu apă în spatele lor.	Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
1.6	O fată poartă o eșarfă mov și o fustă asortată.	Un grup de fete stă purtând fuste de blugi și tricouri cu superman.	A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
0.6	un bărbat purtând o jachetă cenușie stând pe marginea unei străzi.	Un băiat purtând o vestă de salvare albastră se ține de marginea unei bărci verzi.	a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
5.0	Un câine negru cu maro sare să prindă o minge roșie.	Un câine negru cu maro sare pentru o minge roșie.	A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
1.8	Câinele cafeniu aleargă printre frunze.	Câinele alb aleargă prin ocean.	The tan dog runs through the leaves.	The white dog runs through the ocean.
0.0	Un câine alb-negru sare într-o piscină.	O femeie cu șorț negru stă în fața unei oglinzi.	A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
3.0	Un câine alb-negru ține un băț în gură.	Câinele alb-negru are un băț în labele sale.	A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
5.0	O căprioară sare un gard.	O căprioară sărind peste un gard.	A deer jumps a fence.	A deer jumping over a fence.
2.2	O fetiță ține un băț de lemn.	O fetiță înotând într-o piscină.	A little girl holds a wooden stick.	A little girl swimming in a pool.
2.4	Un câine negru sare prin apă.	Un câine se plimbă prin zăpadă.	A black dog jumps through the water.	A dog walks through the snow.
4.2	Un grup de oameni în fața unui camion de pompieri roșu.	Un grup de oameni stau în jurul unui camion de pompieri roșu.	A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
3.4	un băiat sare în apa albastră a piscinei.	Băiatul tânăr sare în piscină pe burtă.	a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
0.0	Un câine alb prinde o minge în gură în zăpadă.	O fetiță blondă stă pe un scaun verde.	A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
3.8	Trei copii râzând și jucându-se pe podea.	Trei copii jucându-se pe podea.	Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.
3.4	Un bărbat stă cu undițe lângă un corp de apă.	Un bărbat stă pe o piatră lângă un șezlong pliant și o undiță.	A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
0.0	O femeie și un câine stând în iarbă.	Un bărbat cară un indicator în timp ce stă în ploaie.	A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
1.0	Un bărbat în tricou albastru aleargă pe un teren de stadion.	Un bărbat purtând o pălărie albastră și cămașă călărește un cal alb.	A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
4.8	Un câine negru alergând prin apă.	Un câine negru aleargă prin niște apă.	A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.
0.0	Copii sărind pe o trambulină.	Un bărbat se dă cu o sanie portocalie.	Children jumping on a trampoline.	A man is sledding on an orange slide.
3.0	Un câine maro mare se pitește într-un câmp ierbos.	Un câine maro aleargă într-un câmp.	A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	A brown dog is running in a field.
2.2	Un câine aleargă prin iarbă.	Un câine aleargă prin zăpadă.	A dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the snow.
0.2	Un schior merge cu viteză prin zăpadă.	Un câine maro ținând un disc aleargă prin zăpadă.	A skier speeds through the snow.	Un câine negru aleargă după un disc roșu.
5.0	Doi oameni joacă golf pe un teren de golf.	Doi oameni sunt pe un teren de golf jucând golf.	Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
0.8	Un băiat și o fată jucându-se pe plajă.	Un câine jucându-se în valuri cu o minge.	A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
0.8	Copilul în haina roșie întins pe covorul roșu.	Copilul mic este gata să urce pe piesa roșie a echipamentului.	The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
5.0	Doi câini se joacă în iarbă.	Doi câini se joacă în iarbă.	Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
4.0	Un copil în uniformă de echipă alb-albastră urmărind o minge de fotbal.	Un băiat tânăr în uniformă albastră de fotbal urmărind o minge.	A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
2.8	Un jucător de softball balansându-se pe un teren.	Un jucător de baseball lovind mingea	A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball
2.8	Un bărbat face kitesurfing îndepartându-se de aparatul foto.	Un bărbat face skysurfing pe apă.	A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	A man is sky surfing on the water.
1.0	Un câine negru aleargă în iarbă.	Un băiat alergând prin iarbă verde.	A black dog is running in the grass.	A boy running through green grass.
2.0	Un băiețel și o fetiță jucându-se împreună afară.	Un băiat tânăr și o fată tânără mergând unul către celălalt	A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
4.2	Două persoane stau la capătul unui ponton.	Două persoane stând pe un ponton.	Two people sit on the end of a dock.	Two people sitting on a dock.
2.0	Doi câini într-o curte.	Doi câini într-un pârâu.	Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.
2.2	Un bărbat urmărește un câine încercând să treacă bariera pentru a intra într-o zonă de joacă.	Un bărbat își urmărește câinele alb-negru în timp ce parcurge o cursă cu obstacole.	A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
4.0	Câinele alb-maro aleargă prin zăpadă.	Câine St. Bernard alergând în câmpul înzăpezit.	The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
2.0	Un bărbat însângerat și o femeie pozează pentru o fotografie.	Un bărbat și o femeie îmbrăcați gros pozează pentru o poză.	A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
0.4	Un câine galben se joacă într-o zonă cu iarbă, lângă flori.	O fată se joacă pe un leagăn.	A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	A girl is playing on a swing.
4.6	un băiat se joacă cu o baghetă de spumă lângă piscină.	Un băiat se joacă cu o jucărie tip baghetă de spumă lângă o piscină.	a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
2.0	doi câini mari maro alergând prin zăpadă.	Un câine maro alergând prin iarbă.	two big brown dogs running through the snow.	A brown dog running through the grass.
1.2	Un băiat tânăr sare într-o piscină cu brațele întinse.	Un câine sare într-o piscină în curtea din spate.	A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
4.0	O fată ține un balon galben cu un animal.	Un copil ține un balon galben.	A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	A child holds a yellow balloon.
0.17	Doi câini împart o jucărie într-un câmp de vegetație.	Doi snowboarderi sunt în aer peste zăpadă.	Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
0.0	O doamnă cu părul blond îmbrăcată în alb pozează pentru aparatul foto.	Un câine alb-negru aleargă cu gura deschisă.	A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
0.2	Un câine aleargă printr-un teren urmărind o minge.	Un copil aleargă prin iarbă.	A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.
3.8	Două fete stau în fața unei statui.	Două fete blonde stau lângă o statuie	Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
4.0	O fată în portocaliu aprinde o lumânare.	O fată într-o cămașă portocalie aprinde lumânări.	A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
1.6	Un câine alb aleargă printr-un câmp de flori galbene.	Un câine cu zgardă roșie aleargă într-o pădure în mijlocul iernii.	A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
2.2	Un bebeluș stând pe un pătuț întinzându-se pentru a atinge fața unui băiat mai mare.	Un băiat care pare bolnav este atins pe față de un copil mic.	An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
5.0	Un câine scuturându-se de apă.	Un câine scuturându-se de apă.	A dog shaking off water.	A dog shaking water off.
0.5	Băieți tineri alergând de-a lungul trotuarului.	Un câine negru alergând de-a lungul marginii oceanului.	Young boys running along the pavement.	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
3.67	Un copil mic alunecă pe un tobogan portocaliu.	Un băiețel în salopetă din blugi alunecă pe un tobogan portocaliu.	A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
1.6	un câine alb-negru alergând printre niște stâlpi alb-roșii	Câine alb-negru într-o sufragerie stând pe picioarele din spate.	a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
4.4	Trei persoane pozează pe schiuri în spatele unui indicator „fără schiat”.	Trei persoane pe schiuri stau în spatele unui indicator fără schiat.	"Three individuals are posing on skis behind a ""no skiing"" sign."	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
4.6	Un bărbat în costum alb merge pe stradă ținând un ziar.	Un bărbat îmbrăcat într-un costum alb iese afară ținând un ziar.	A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
5.0	Un câine negru cu zgardă albastră aleargă în zăpadă.	Un câine negru purtând o zgardă albastră aleargă prin zăpadă.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
0.8	Un câine aleargă spre aparatul foto.	Un câine alb-maro alergând pe iarbă.	A dog is running toward the camera.	A brown and white dog running on grass.
2.4	un băiat legănându-se într-un leagăn.	Fata este într-un leagăn.	a boy swinging on a swing.	The girl is on a swing.
4.4	Un grup de tineri înoată în apa lacului	Mulți copii se joacă și înoată în apă.	A group of youngsters swim in lake water	Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
0.0	O echipă de fotbal albă și albastră jucând una împotriva celeilalte.	O femeie la bustul gol cu fața pictată este acoperită de noroi.	A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
3.8	Un câine maro pe cale să prindă un disc verde.	Un câine maro așteaptă ca discul să coboare înainte de a-l prinde.	A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
2.2	Un câine alb-negru înoată într-un lac mare verde.	Un câine negru aleargă repede în apa puțin adâncă.	A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
2.2	Doi câini mari negri se joacă într-un câmp ierbos.	Doi câini albi aleargă împreună.	Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.
2.8	Câinele negru cu maro aleargă peste zăpadă.	Un câine negru aleargă repede de-a lungul pământului.	The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
3.8	Bărbatul cu rucsac se uită in stânga lui.	Un bărbat adult purtând un rucsac merge și se uită în stânga.	The man in the backpack looks to his left.	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
0.0	Un bărbat în vârstă în cămașă albastră ține un tablou pe pânză.	Un negru se plimbă lângă o clădire dintr-un oraș mare.	An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
0.4	Doi băieți slabi jucându-se cu nisip în apă.	Doi câini scuturându-se de apă.	Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	Two dogs are shaking water off.
3.8	Un câine mic trece printr-o cursă de obstacole.	Un câine mic sărind peste un obstacol.	A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
3.2	Un câine maro alergând prin pădure.	Un câine maro aleargă prin iarbă.	A brown dog running through the woods.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
3.4	Un grup de oameni așteaptă lângă o fereastră privind ceva.	Un grup de oameni stau și așteaptă să vadă ceva.	A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
4.4	Un câine sare peste o barieră la o competiție de agilitate.	Un câine sărind peste un gard de obstacole.	A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
3.2	Trei oameni concurând pe patine.	Trei patinatori pe gheață trec după un colț.	Three people racing on ice skates.	Three ice skaters round a corner.
4.8	Două femei concurente își plimbă câinii într-un spectacol de câini.	Două femei își plimbă câinii la un spectacol de câini.	Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
0.0	Doi bărbați pe marginea unei barje	Un bărbat cu părul lung și barbă așezat pe iarbă.	Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
4.8	Un câine maro alergând pe iarbă.	Un câine maro aleargă prin iarbă.	A brown dog in running on grass.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
0.4	O persoană merge cu bicicleta pe o potecă lângă pădure.	Un copil mic într-o cămașă galbenă își ține brațele în lateral.	A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
3.6	O femeie în rochie neagră zâmbește în fața unui camion argintiu.	O fată purtând o bluză neagră zâmbește cu un camion argintiu în fundal.	A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
0.6	Un câine este pe plajă lângă o minge.	Un tip sare pentru o întindere pe un teren de baschet.	A dog is on the beach near a ball.	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
2.6	Un câine saltă peste iarba maro.	Doi câini sar peste iarbă.	A dog bounds across the brown grass.	Two dogs bound across the grass.
3.2	o femeie jucându-se cu doi băieți tineri într-un parc	O femeie și trei copii se joacă într-un parc.	a woman playing with two young boys at a park	A woman and three kids play at a park.
2.4	Un câine iese din apă cu un băț în gură.	Un câine aleargă spre aparatul foto cu un băț în gură.	A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
0.8	Trei câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Băiatul se joacă în nisip.	Three dogs playing in the snow.	The boy is playing in the sand.
4.2	Un câine cară o lesă în gură.	Un câine pufos cară o lesă neagră în gură.	A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
0.0	Un bărbat în blugi se joacă cu o minge în timp ce o femeie în blugi stă în apropiere privind în altă parte.	Un bărbat leagă o banderolă roșie în jurul brațului altui bărbat de pe stradă.	A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
4.0	Un schior cade în zăpadă.	Un schior cade cu fața în zăpadă.	A skier is falling into the snow.	A skier is falling face first into the snow.
2.2	Un câine cu o jucărie roșie în gură.	Un câine maro cară un băț în gură.	A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
4.8	Doi jucători de hochei luptându-se pe gheață.	Doi jucători de hochei într-o confruntare pe gheață.	Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
1.6	Doi terieri se joacă pe podeaua de lemn a casei lor.	Doi cățeluși se joacă cu o jucărie de mestecat roșie într-un câmp.	Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
4.2	Doi câini alergând printr-un câmp.	Doi câini se joacă într-un câmp.	Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.
0.4	Un bărbat într-un costum gri închizând lacătul de la o bicicletă	Un bărbat și o femeie stând pe o stradă dintr-un oraș.	A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	A man and a woman standing on a city street.
4.6	Un bărbat într-o jachetă de piele neagră doarme într-un vagon de metrou.	Un bărbat într-o jachetă de piele neagră adoarme în mijloacele de transport în comun.	A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
4.8	Un câine sărind peste un obstacol.	Un câine sare peste obstacol.	A dog leaping over a hurdle.	A dog leaps over the hurdle.
0.0	Doi bărbați pregătesc niște echipamente electronice	Doi câini se luptă pe pământ în zăpadă.	Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
0.0	Un câine negru merge pe iarbă cu un băț în gură.	Un băiat ține o plasă cu un șarpe în ea aproape de pământ.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
2.2	O fată aleargă cu câini într-un câmp uscat.	Un câine gri și un câine cafeniu jucându-se într-un câmp ierbos.	A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
4.0	Doi câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Doi câini negri în zăpadă.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
4.0	Un câine sare de pe ponton în apă.	Câinele negru sare de pe ponton în apă.	A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
2.0	un grup de bărbați bătrâni plimbându-se pe stradă	Un cuplu plimbându-se pe stradă.	a group of old men walking down the street	A couple walking down the street.
2.2	Trei câini stând în zăpadă lângă un gard albastru.	Trei câini se joacă în adâncurile de lângă un țărm stâncos.	Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
4.8	Un câine alb-negru aleargă prin câmp.	Un câine alb-negru aleargă în iarbă.	A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
0.4	Un băiat în negru își flutură brațele în timp ce alți oameni sunt în spatele lui pe un câmp.	un bărbat într-o cămașă neagră trece cu rolele pe lângă o bancă din oraș.	A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
2.0	O femeie în vârstă merge cu bicicleta de-a lungul unei străzi din oraș.	O femeie în vârstă mergând la deal traversând strada.	An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
0.4	Un băiat tânăr lovește cu pumnul o minge galbenă.	Un câine mic sare peste o bârnă galbenă.	A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
1.4	Un grup de balerine tinere sunt într-un studio de dans.	Un grup de domnișoare în bikini.	A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
0.0	Un băiat tânăr într-o cămașă albă de costum se joacă pe o câmpie ierboasă.	O femeie își coafează părul la un salon.	A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
0.4	Un bărbat și un câine se joacă de-a lupta cu odgonul.	Un bărbat dansează pe un perete colorat.	A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.
4.6	Un copil ud tremură sub un prosop la piscină.	Un copil ud tremură într-un prosop în fața unei piscine.	A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
5.0	Un câine alb aleargă pe o plajă.	Câinele alb aleargă de-a lungul plajei.	A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
3.4	Șase câini alergând pe plaja nisipoasă.	Șase câini plimbându-se lângă plajă.	Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
3.2	Un bărbat se ține de un mâner în apă.	Un bărbat ține de mânere în aer.	A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
3.0	Un câine alb plimbându-se pe zăpadă.	Un câine negru-cafeniu plimbându-se prin zăpadă.	A white dog walking in the snow.	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
3.2	Câinele alb și maro aleargă peste iarbă.	Trei câini aleargă pe iarbă.	The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	Three dogs are running on the grass.
3.8	Un băiat coboară pe un tobogan gonflabil.	Un băiat în roșu alunecă pe o instalație gonflabilă.	A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
3.8	Doi câini jucându-se cu o minge într-o baltă.	Doi câini stau într-o baltă, și unul are o minge galbenă de tenis.	Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
1.4	Trei câini se joacă în apă.	Trei câini aleargă în zăpadă.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs run in the snow.
1.2	Doi câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Doi copii jucându-se cu un câine.	Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two kids playing with a dog.
4.8	O fată face podul pe plajă.	O fată făcând podul pe plajă.	A girl does a back bend on the beach.	A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
2.2	Cei doi câini se joacă aport în zăpadă.	Doi câini se joacă împreună în iarbă.	The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
3.6	Doi surferi plutesc pe un val mic.	Doi surferi fac trucuri în valuri.	Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
5.0	Doi oameni plimbându-se pe plajă la apus.	Doi oameni plimbându-se de-a lungul țărmului la apus.	Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
4.0	doi cățeluși jucându-se în iarbă	Doi câini se luptă în iarbă.	two puppies playing around in the grass	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
4.8	O fată tânără stă în poala lui Moș Crăciun.	O fetiță stă în poala lui Moș Crăciun	A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
2.2	Un câine alb-negru aleargă cu gura deschisă.	Un câine alb-negru înoată în apă albastră.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
4.8	Un băiețel sărind în aer la plajă.	Un băiat sărind în aer pe plajă.	A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
5.0	Cinci bărbați în smoching merg pe scări.	Cinci bărbați în smoching coboară mai multe trepte	Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
0.0	Bărbat în pantaloni scurți roșii și tricou alb lovind o minge de fotbal.	Un câine negru stă pe surf ținând o minge de cauciuc roșie.	Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
4.8	Un bărbat și un câine pe un mal stâncos.	Bărbat și câine stând pe pietre lângă apă	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
2.4	Câine maro bălăcindu-se în apă.	Patru câini bălăcindu-se în apă	Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water
1.0	Femeia zâmbitoare de pe plajă este îngropată în alge marine.	O fată în pălărie de cowboy cu o oaie în lesă.	The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
3.8	Un câine cu urechi mari ține un băț mic în gură.	Un cățeluș cu urechi mari mestecând un băț.	A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
0.0	Câinele mare maro sare prin iarba înaltă.	Fata purtând o cămașă albastră aleargă printr-un centru științific.	The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
2.6	Doi câini luptându-se în zăpadă.	Doi câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
2.8	Un câine maro stă în mijlocul unui șir de câini urmărind o minge de tenis murdară pe pământ.	Sunt doi câini albi și un câine maro urmărind o minge.	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
0.0	Un câine este energic într-un câmp ierbos.	O grămadă de biciclete concurând pe o pistă.	A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
0.0	Doi oameni concurează cu o motocicletă cu ataș în noroi.	Câinele ținând un băț lung în gură.	Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
2.4	Bărbatul stă în vârful unui munte stâncos.	O persoană își scoate capul dintr-un cort din vârful unui munte.	The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
0.0	Un bărbat stând pe o barcă trage o altă barcă aproape cu un băț de bambus.	un bărbat cu o pălărie neagră stând în fața unui zid de cărămidă și a unui semn	A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
3.2	un bărbat cântă la chitara sa albă.	un bărbat cântând la o chitară albă și totodată cântând vocal	a man plays his white guitar.	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
0.0	O persoană practică skijoring cu un câine în munți.	Un câine maro se joacă cu o minge în apă.	A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
2.4	Doi tineri la bustul gol jucându-se în apă.	O mulțime de oameni se joacă în apă la plajă.	Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
3.6	Primul-plan al unei colibri.	Un prim-plan al unei colibri zburând.	Close-up of a hummingbird.	A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
0.8	Femeie într-o rochie neagră plimbându-se pe stradă.	O femeie privește un câine sărind pe scări.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
2.33	Un bărbat și o femeie uitându-se la aparatul foto.	Un bărbat și o femeie râzând.	A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.
3.6	un câine maro alergând prin iarba murdară plină de noroi	Câinele mare maro aleargă afară pe pământ.	a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
5.0	Trei câini trăgând prin zăpadă un bărbat pe o bicicletă.	Câinii trag un bărbat pe un fel de bicicletă, prin zăpadă.	Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
0.0	Un bebeluș într-o pălărie roșie stând într-un cărucior ține o păpușă.	Un bărbat într-o cămașă gri stând într-un câmp de flori.	A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
4.8	Trei copii jucându-se cu fân în aer liber, aruncând o parte spre obiectivul aparatului foto.	Trei copii mici se joacă în fân, aruncând o parte din el spre apatul foto.	Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
0.0	Un alpinist stă pe fața stâncii de lângă coarda roz.	Copiii aleargă în zăpadă cu garduri în fundal.	A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
1.8	Un câine negru purtând o zgardă portocalie este încurcat cu fir de pescuit.	Câinele negru purtând o zgardă roșie se scutură de apă.	A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
0.0	Doi câini se joacă în noroi.	O dansatoare pozând pentru aparatul foto într-o rochie alb-roșie.	Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
3.4	Un câine auriu aleargă pe iarbă.	Câinele mare bej aleargă prin iarbă.	A golden dog is running on the grass.	The large beige dog is running through the grass.
4.8	Un câine aleargă prin iarbă.	un câine aleargă peste iarbă.	A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
3.4	un bărbat în pantaloni scurți roșii merge pe stânci lângă un râu ținând un băț.	Un bărbat merge pe pietre cu apa curgând în jurul lor.	a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
0.0	Bărbat vâslind o barcă.	un bărbat făcând un truc pe skateboard	Man rowing a boat.	a man doing a trick on skateboard
4.8	Trei câini alergând pe o pistă de curse.	Trei câini merg în jurul unei curbe la o pistă de curse.	Three dogs running on a racetrack.	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
0.8	Un câine negru cu maro se plimbă prin zăpadă lângă o clădire.	Un bărbat mai în vârstă stă în fața unei clădiri vechi baricadate.	A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
3.4	Un câine sare într-o piscină după o rață.	Un câine sărind într-o piscină.	A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
3.2	Un câine alergând printr-o pădure în timpul iernii	Un câine alergând printr-o mulțime de crenguțe.	A dog running through a forest in the winter time	A dog running through a lot of twigs.
0.4	Fata mimează imaginile de pe marele ecran.	Trei fete ținând umbrele cu spatele la aparatul foto.	The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
1.0	Mulți oameni aleargă într-o cursă pe o stradă.	Un cățeluș alergând de-a lungul unei străzi.	Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.
1.0	Un bărbat în șorț de înot stă pe niște pietre.	Un bărbat într-un tricou gri escaladează un perete mare de stâncă.	A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
2.0	Doi câini albi plimbându-se în zăpadă.	Un câine cafeniu cu zgardă negră lătrând în zăpadă.	Two white dogs walking in the snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
2.4	O femeie purtând o cămașă roz sare în aer cu brațele și picioarele întinse pe laturi.	Un bărbat purtând bretele și ochelari de soare sare în aer cu brațele și picioarele întinse în lateral.	A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
2.8	Un câine aleargă prin iarbă.	Doi câini aleargă prin tufiș.	A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.
2.8	Un câine alergând peste nisip	Un câine alergând prin apă.	A dog running across the sand	A dog running through the water.
0.0	O femeie încearcă să plutească pe un val mic.	Un bărbat și o femeie stând spate în spate afară în soare.	A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
0.6	Câinele alb-negru înoată în râu.	Un bărbat negru și câinele său pe plajă.	The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	A black man and his dog on the beach.
4.6	Bărbat stând pe vârful stâncilor zimțate lângă ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.	Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
4.4	O fată în costum de scafandru negru și albastru face surf.	O femeie purtând un costum cu dungi negre și albastre face surf pe un val.	A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
4.6	Femeia conduce un câine printr-o cursă de obstacole.	Femeie conducându-și câinele mic printr-o cursă de obstacole.	The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
2.4	Doi câini pe plajă.	Un câine se plimbă pe plajă.	Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
1.0	Un băiat tânăr stă pe o zonă cu gresie gri.	Un băiat tânăr practică karate într-o sală de sport.	A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
2.2	Câinele aleargă cu mâncare în gură.	Câinele aleargă cu o minge galbenă în gură.	The dog is running with food in his mouth.	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
4.8	Doi câini alergând pe o plajă.	doi câini alergând pe plajă	Two dogs running down a beach.	two dogs running on the beach
2.0	Un câine alb-negru înotând în piscină	Un câine alb-negru alergând cu ceva în gură.	A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
3.8	Un câine are capul într-o pungă de cadou roșie și verde.	Un animal de companie investighează jucăuș conținutul unei pungi de cadouri.	A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
5.0	Un bărbat cu cămașă galbenă purtând o mască de soare aurie.	Un bărbat într-o cămașă galbenă poartă o mască aurie, în formă de soare.	A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
0.4	Un bărbat escaladează fața unei stânci abrupte cu o frânghie de suport.	Un bărbat tânăr face un salt de schi cu o placă mov.	A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
4.2	Un copil cu mâinile pe cap.	Un băiețel stă cu mâinile deasupra capului	A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
1.8	Un bărbat purtând o vestă portocalie face canotaj în apa albastră.	Un bărbat într-o jachetă portocalie ridicându-și mâinile spre cer în nisip.	A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
1.2	Un bătrân în trenci negru stând într-o piață.	Bebelușul poartă o cămașă roșie și merge într-o piațetă.	An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
4.8	Un bărbat urcând pe fața unei stânci.	Un bărbat urcă pe fața unei stânci abrupte.	A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
0.6	Două fete sunt în pantaloni de pijama și par să danseze.	Două fete cu șepci de baseball mănâncă o gustare afară.	Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
3.4	Un câine alb-maro jucându-se cu o jucărie neagră.	Un câine alb-maro joacă de-a lupta cu odgonul.	A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
3.0	Un băiat joacă baseball.	Un bărbat joacă baseball.	A boy plays baseball.	A man is playing baseball.
0.0	Un băiat purtând o cămașă roșie aleargă peste iarbă cu un câine blănos.	Un fan al sportului poartă vopsea de față în tribune.	A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
0.0	Un câine negru se recuperează în zăpadă.	Un skateboarder sărind în stradă.	A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
3.2	Un bărbat zâmbitor și o fetiță pozând pentru o fotografie.	Un bărbat zâmbitor ține un copil mic îmbrăcat în roz și roșu.	A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
3.2	Un câine sărind după un disc în zăpadă.	Un câine sare în zăpadă.	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	A dog is jumping in the snow.
3.4	Un câine alb-maro cu zgardă roz latră la un câine maro cu zgardă albastră în zăpadă.	Câinele cu zgardă roșie își arată colții către câinele cu zgardă albastră.	A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
4.2	Doi câini maro se mușcă reciproc.	Doi câini maro mușcându-se reciproc pe nisip.	Two brown dogs are biting each other.	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
4.0	Un skateboarder încearcă un truc pe marginea unui perete mic.	Un băiat face trucuri pe skateboard pe o balustradă.	A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
2.8	O fată tânără făcând un salt pe spate în apă.	o fată tânără purtând mov alergând în apă	A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	a young girl wearing purple running through water
0.8	Un snowboarder se dă cu un snowboard pe o balustradă lângă o scară.	Un băiat se dă tare cu un skateboard pe un perete de beton.	A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
1.4	O femeie cu doi bărbați în pălării socializând afară.	O tânără cu o bonetă tricotată stă sprijinită de peretele unei pizzerii Domino.	A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
4.2	Un băiețel în halat stă pe un scaun metalic.	Un băiat în halat stă pe un scaun.	A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
2.2	Un câine negru aleargă prin zăpadă.	Un câine pitbull negru aleargă prin noroi.	A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
3.4	un grup de adolescenți dansează pe o podea de lemn.	Un grup de oameni îmbrăcați în culori închise dansează pe o podea de lemn.	a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
0.4	Un băiat tânăr merge cu bicicleta.	O fată tânără stând pe o jucărie gonflabilă albastră	A young boy is riding a bike.	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
1.8	Un câine negru alergând în zăpadă.	Un câine negru alergând pe o plajă.	A black dog running in the snow.	A black dog running on a beach.
1.0	Trei câini în zăpadă lângă un gard.	Doi câini beau apă dintr-un lac.	Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.
0.2	O fată aleargă de-a lungul malului unui râu cu doi câini negri.	Un băiețel mângâie un tigru care este întins.	A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
1.8	O adolescentă alergând pe o plajă strigând, cu un bărbat mai în vârstă mergând în spatele ei.	un copil mic alergând de-a lungul țărmului unei plaje	A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	a young child running along the shore at a beach
0.0	Un câine alb-maro merge lângă un bărbat pe un skateboard.	Un copil blond se așează pe o ramură a unui copac într-un câmp verde.	A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
4.0	Bărbat plutind pe o placă de surf pe un val.	Un bărbat în negru pe o placă de surf plutind pe un un val.	Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
4.2	Bărbatul în cămașă roșie escaladează marginea unui munte.	Un bărbat escaladează marginea unui munte.	The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
1.4	Un bărbat conducând o motocicleta în timp ce poartă o uniforma neagră.	O motocicletă albă este condusă pe pistă de curse.	A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
1.2	un câine negru înotând printr-un râu.	un câine negru săpând prin zăpadă.	a black dog swimming through a river.	a black dog digging through the snow.
3.2	Un bărbat și o femeie zâmbesc.	Un bărbat și o femeie râzând.	A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.
4.8	Un bărbat stă pe vârful unei stânci sau al unui munte privind cum apune soarele.	Un bărbat stând în munți privind un apus de soare.	A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
1.4	Două fetițe se joacă pe o trambulină.	Doi băieți mici se joacă pe un loc de joacă.	Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
0.2	Două fete sar sus în aer.	Doi câini cu botniță unul lângă altul în iarba de lângă un lac.	Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
4.8	Femeia ținând o poșetă neagră fumează o țigară.	O femeie cu o geantă neagră fumează o țigară	The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
4.2	Un câine aleargă de-a lungul ierbii.	Un câine maro aleargă în iarbă.	A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running in the grass.
1.0	Un bărbat cu părul lung privește printr-un aparat foto.	O femeie stă lângă un perete lângă o cameră video.	A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
4.0	Câine maro alergând pe iarbă.	Câinele aleargă pe iarbă.	Brown dog running on grass.	The dog is running on grass.
0.0	Doi oameni purtând pălării stau și se uită la aparatul foto.	Un bărbat purtând o cămașă albastră face o față morocănoasă.	Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
3.2	Două fete jucându-se cu oameni și flori în spatele lor.	Două tinere purtând fuste se joacă într-o grădină.	Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
0.0	O fată într-o cămașă roz întinzându-și membrele în aer.	Un bărbat îmbrăcat într-un costum de Moș Crăciun urcă pe o clădire mare din beton.	A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
1.4	O fetiță în cămașă roșie întinde un zmeu.	O fată în cămașă roșie face o poză pe un telefon.	A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
0.0	Copilul alunecând în zăpadă.	Bărbat dormind pe stradă.	Child sliding in the snow.	Man sleeping on the street.
4.2	Trei câini se joacă în apă.	Trei câini înoată în apă.	Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
5.0	Un câine alb alergând pe nisip.	Un câine alb aleargă pe nisip.	A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.
0.2	O fetiță cu mâinile în aer stă pe spatele unui bărbat în timp ce el e întins pe o pătură.	Un copil aleargă în direcția opusă celorlalți care jucau un joc.	A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
1.4	o mașină de curse alb-roșie concurând pe o pistă de pământ.	O persoană merge pe o motocicletă de teren într-o cursă pe o pistă de pământ.	a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
2.2	Un câine alb-negru aleargă printr-un câmp de vaci.	Un câine mare alb-negru aleargă în apa oceanului	A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
0.6	Un bărbat cu o pălărie de paie își umbrește telefonul în timp ce alții merg pe un trotuar aglomerat.	Un bărbat se întinde pe o stradă cu capul și umerii sub o mașină parcată care este ridicată cu cricul.	A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
0.8	Un bărbat cu o geantă de poștaș în fața unui perete de gresie gri.	Bărbat în jachetă roșie stând în fața farului.	A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
3.2	Un câine înoată în apă.	Trei câini înoată în apă.	A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
4.6	Un câine alb cu părul creț aleargă peste trotuar cu un băț în gură.	Un câine alb cu părul creț aleargă cu un băț în gură.	A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
2.8	Femeia blondă poartă o bască de scoțian neagră cu steagul american.	O femeie roșcată poartă o beretă neagră împodobită cu steagul american.	The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
0.6	O persoană ținând o plasă stă în apă.	O femeie neagră și doi copii negri stau într-un cort din paie.	A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
0.4	O femeie într-un trening roșu storcând lămâi într-o presă.	O tânără femeie într-un hanorac cu glugă roz face o fotografie.	A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
4.2	un bărbat plimbă doi câini cu lese pe stradă	Un bărbat plimbă doi câini în oraș.	a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	A man walks two dogs in the city.
2.2	Un câine aleargă în zăpadă.	Doi câini alergând în noroi	A dog is running in the snow.	Two dogs running in the dirt
1.6	Un băiețel jucându-se în zăpadă.	Câinele alb-maro se joacă în zăpadă.	A small boy playing in the snow.	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
3.2	O femeie în cămașă albastră și pantaloni scurți cafenii stă la o masă.	O tânără zâmbitoare în cămașă turcoaz și basma pozează la masă în aer liber.	A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
3.2	un câine alb aleargând în zăpadă	Câinii aleargă în zăpadă.	a white dog running in the snow	The dogs are running in the snow.
0.0	Câinele negru aleargă prin zăpadă.	Un șofer de mașină de curse își conduce mașina prin noroi.	The black dog is running through the snow.	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
4.4	Un câine purtând un pulover verde și un rucsac plimbându-se pe zăpadă.	Un câine mic purtând un pulover verde și un rucsac se plimbă prin zăpadă.	A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
0.6	Un grup de oameni stând în jurul unui birou.	Un grup de fete pe o plajă.	A group of people sitting around a desk.	A group of girls on a beach.
2.8	Trei câini aleargă într-un câmp.	Doi câini aleargă într-un câmp ierbos.	Three dogs are running in a field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field
0.4	Un bărbat și o femeie cu mâinile pe bărbie stau lângă un pom de Crăciun.	Bărbatul cu barbă albă și șapcă albastră stă în pragul unui atelier.	A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
1.2	Câinele alb-negru are un băț în labe.	Un câine negru și un câine alb stau pe zăpadă.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
1.4	Un câine alb alergând prin zăpadă	Câinele alb-negru aleargă prin iarbă.	A white dog running through the snow	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
0.6	Un bărbat pe schiuri pe un deal acoperit de zăpadă cu munți în fundal	Un câine se bucură de o zbenguială în apă cu munți și nisip în fundal.	A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
1.2	Un bărbat pe bicicletă lângă un râu.	Un bărbat pe bicicletă face un salt foarte înalt.	A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
0.4	Un schior coborând pe dealul înzăpezit.	Un câine maro e întins în zăpadă.	A skier going down the snowy hill.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
3.6	Doi câini aleargă pe iarbă.	Doi câini alergând în noroi	Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs running in the dirt
0.6	Un bărbat pulverizează un lichid dintr-un furtun lung la plajă.	Un băiat stă pe bicileta sa cu o roată în aer.	A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
2.2	O persoană într-o vestă roșie atinge patinele albastre ale altei persoane	O doamnă fixează patinele cuiva pe zăpadă.	A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
4.8	O fată sare de sus în jos în cap pe o trambulină.	O fată sare în cap pe o trambulină.	A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
2.0	O femeie stând în fața copacilor și zâmbind.	Un bărbat se plimbă lângă copaci în fața orizontului orașului.	A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
2.4	Un băiat făcând un salt pe spate într-o piscină.	Un băiat îmbrăcat în șorț de baie roș-albastru sărind cu capul înainte într-o piscină.	A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
4.2	trei băieți se acoperă cu bule.	Trei copii stând lângă o piscină sunt acoperiți de bule de spumă.	three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
0.2	Băiatul se uită la fată pe când o altă fată îi ignoră.	băiatul se scufundă în piscină în timp ce cuplul se uită.	The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
3.2	Un câine negru cu o zgardă albastră aleargă în zăpadă.	Un câine negru cu zgardă roșie se joacă în zăpadă.	A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
3.8	O pasăre stă într-un copac.	O pasăre stă într-un copac fără frunze.	A bird sits in a tree.	A bird sits in a leafless tree.
4.0	Un câine maro mestecă o minge portocalie.	Un câine are o minge portocalie în gură.	A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
0.6	Un câine maro sărind în aer să prindă o minge.	trei tinere sărind in aer pentru a prinde o minge.	A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
3.2	Un copil se plimba de la o masă de picnic la alta.	Băiatul sare de pe o masă de picnic pe cealaltă în parc.	A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
3.0	Un câine în zăpadă.	Doi câini în zăpadă.	A dog in the snow.	Two dogs in snow.
4.8	Dalmațian alergând de-a lungul plajei.	Un dalmațian aleargă de-a lungul unei plaje.	Dalmation running along the beach.	A Dalmation runs along a beach.
5.0	Un câine alergând prin zăpadă.	Un câine aleargă în zăpadă.	A dog running through snow.	A dog runs in the snow.
2.0	Patru câini negri fug peste iarbă.	Un câine aleargă peste un câmp ierbos.	Four black dogs run across the grass.	A dog runs across the grassy field.
3.6	Un bărbat în roșu cu negru lovește cu capul o minge de fotbal.	Un bărbat într-o bluză de fotbal cu dungi roșii dă cu capul într-o minge.	A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
1.2	Un câine maro se plimbă pe iarbă.	Un câine îl urmărește pe altul lângă un copac.	A brown dog is walking on the grass.	A dog chases another by a tree.
4.6	O femeie așezând un bebeluș pe un skateboard pe plajă.	o femeie ține un copil mic pe un skateboard la plajă	A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
4.0	Un câine negru mușcă urechea unui câine maro deschis într-o manieră jucăușă.	Un câine negru mușcă jucăuș un alt câine într-o sufragerie.	A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
4.4	Beagle-ul merge pe plajă la linia de plutire.	Un beagle merge de-a lungul plajei la marginea apei.	The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	A beagle walks along the calm shore.
5.0	Câinele alb-negru aleargă prin iarbă.	Un câine alb-negru aleargă prin iarbă.	The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
0.0	Doi câini aleargă prin zăpadă, unul cu o minge de tenis.	Băiatul face o cascadorie, prin aer, pe bicicleta sa.	Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
3.2	Un câine negru merge pe iarbă cu un băț în gură.	Câinele negru aleargă pe iarbă cu o jucărie în gură.	A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
3.0	Un bărbat se îndreaptă spre un polițist stând într-o trecere de pietoni pe o stradă a orașului.	Un polițist stă într-o trecere de pietoni dintr-un oraș.	A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
4.6	Un câine negru și un câine alb jucându-se în stradă.	Un câine negru și un câine alb se joacă împreună în stradă.	A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
3.6	Un câine mare alb-negru înoată în apă.	Un câine alb-negru cu un băț este într-o apă noroioasă.	A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
4.2	Un băiețel se prostește cu o strecurătoare pe cap.	Un băiat cu o strecurătoare de metal pe cap.	A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	A boy with a metal colander on his head.
0.0	Doi muncitori din construcții stau pe o grindă luând o pauză.	Bărbatul își pune cămașa lângă un lift.	Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
1.2	Un bărbat și o femeie râzând.	Un bărbat și o femeie se sărută.	A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman kiss.
2.83	Un câine negru cu maro și alb alergând printr-un câmp.	Un câine alb-maro aleargă într-un câmp.	A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
4.6	Copiii se joacă într-o piscină în timp ce doi bărbați adulți îi privesc.	Copiii se joacă într-o piscină în timp ce adulții privesc.	Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
0.0	Doi copii bălăcindu-se în apă.	Doi câini se joacă împreună pe pat.	Two kids splashing in the water.	Two dogs play together on the bed.
4.6	Câinele alb-maro merge în ape puțin adânci.	Un câine alb-maro pare să meargă pe apă.	The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
1.6	O femeie citește în timp ce se află în transportul public.	Un bărbat care a adormit pe mijloacele de transport în comun.	A woman reads while on public transportation.	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
1.8	Un buldog aleargă printr-un parc cu iarbă în timp ce oamenii stau în fundal.	Un câine aleargă într-un corp mare de apă făcând-o să stropească.	A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
2.2	Un băiat tânăr mergând pe o bicicletă pe un drum de cărămidă	O persoană face trucuri pe bicicletă pe o rampă înconjurată de copaci.	A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
3.8	Bărbatul tânăr se dă cu skateboardul într-un un parc pentru skate.	un băiat într-un tricou albastru este în aer pe un skateboard într-un parc de skate.	The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
4.4	O fată sărind coarda pe un trotuar lângă un garaj de parcare.	O fată sărind coarda pe un trotuar cu un garaj de parcare în stânga.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
3.0	O persoană este în apă la plajă în timp ce apune soarele.	O persoană deasupra plăcii lor de surf pe apă.	A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	A person above their surfboard on the water.
4.0	Un câine sare în aer să prindă un disc.	Câinele maro sare pentru un disc roz.	A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
1.0	Câinele îi înapoiază jucăria de joc stăpânului său.	Trei câini aleargă în zăpadă împreună.	The dog returns the play toy to its master.	Three dogs race in the snow together.
4.6	Două femei sar din leagăne.	Două fete sar din leagăne.	Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.
0.6	O femeie cu o fată tânără pozează cu sculpturi de urs în fața unui magazin.	Un bărbat îmbrăcat în jerseu stă în fața unei mulțimi numeroase.	A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
4.4	Un bărbat la bustul gol jucând fotbal pe un gazon.	Un bărbat la bustul gol joacă fotbal	A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	A shirtless man catches a football
0.8	O fată purtând verde răsucește ceva în mâini.	Un băiat tânăr purtând doar pantaloni scurți verzi pozează stingher cu un fundal din cărămidă.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
0.4	Un bărbat într-o jachetă roșie își ține bicicleta pentru poză.	O femeie într-o jachetă roșie face o înregistrare video a unui peisaj natural.	A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
0.8	Un băiat sare într-o piscină publică nu foarte aglomerată.	Un bărbat sare în timp ce se află pe un snowboard.	A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
0.6	Clovnii pozează pentru aparatul foto.	Un copil în portocaliu este pe o placă de surf gonflabilă în valuri.	The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
0.0	Patru copii ținându-se de mână sar într-o piscină.	Patru câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
2.8	Un băiat împinge o remorcă cu doi dovleci.	Un copil stă pe ciuci în spatele unei remorcuțe cu doi dovleci în ea.	A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
0.0	Doi jucători de fotbal se luptă pentru minge în timpul unui meci intens.	Doi câini mici alb-portocalii sunt în zăpadă.	Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
3.8	Câinele negru se plimbă prin iarba înaltă.	Câinele negru aleargă prin iarbă.	The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
3.4	Doi câini negri jucându-se în zăpadă.	Un câine negru sapă în zăpadă.	Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A black dog digs in the snow.
5.0	Un câine sare peste un lanț.	Un câine sărind peste un lanț.	A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog leaping over a chain.
4.6	O fată cu o poșetă neagră stând pe o bancă de lemn.	O femeie tânără cu o poșetă neagră stă pe o bancă de lemn.	A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
2.2	Un câine negru cu galben	Un câine negru și un câine alb-maro se joacă într-un câmp.	A black and a yellow dog	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
3.4	Trei copii într-o groapă de mingi.	Câțiva copii jucându-se într-o groapă cu bile.	Three children in a ball pit.	Several children playing in a ball pit.
3.6	Un câine mare alb-gri trece printr-un tunel galben într-o cursă de obstacole.	Un câine alb-negru aleargă dintr-un tub galben și portocaliu.	A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
4.8	Un înotător înoată pe spate în piscină.	o persoană înotând pe spate într-o piscină	A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
0.0	Un bărbat stă lângă bicicletă pe o potecă stâncoasă lângă un lac.	O femeie poartă o bentiță albă, maieu violet și mănuși negre.	A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
2.4	Un câine maro aleargă prin iarba verde.	Un câine maro aleargă printr-un râu.	A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.
3.4	Un câine mic alb și un câine mare maro se joacă pe iarbă.	Un câine mic cafeniu deschis aleargă pe lângă un câine mare maro ce stă în iarbă.	A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
3.4	O femeie ține un câine în timp ce un alt câine stă în apropiere într-un câmp.	O doamnă ținând un câine în timp ce un alt câine se joacă în curte.	A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
2.4	Un câine negru plimbându-se prin apă.	Doi câini negri plimbându-se prin zăpadă.	A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
1.8	Un câine negru aleargă în zăpadă.	Un câine negru înoată cu o minge în gură.	A black dog is running in snow.	A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
1.6	O femeie îmbrăcată în verde se joacă cu câinele ei cafeniu.	Un câine cafeniu linge mâna unei fete în timp ce stă jos.	A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
4.6	Doi bărbați vagabonzi stau afară cu un semn de carton.	Doi bărbați tineri vagabonzi ținând un semn de carton.	Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
3.6	Un câine maro merge cu greu prin apă.	Un câine se bălăcește în apa tulbure.	A brown dog wades in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
2.8	Un bărbat într-o cămașă portocalie purtând o cască albă merge cu bicicleta.	Bărbatul purtând o cască albastră conduce un Polaris.	One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
1.8	Un băiețel stă în fața unor nuntași râzând.	O persoană stând pe o scenă în fața unei mulțimi așezate	A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
3.6	O persoană pe un snowmobil.	O persoană pe un snowmobil în mijlocul săriturii.	A person on a snowmobile.	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
0.8	Bărbatul stă pe mal lovind o minge cu o paletă.	Două adolescente stau lângă plajă ascultând la iPod-uri.	The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
0.4	Această fotografie de deasupra arată doi bărbați care iau o pauză.	O persoană cu șapcă de înot și ochelari de protecție luând o gură de aer.	This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
4.6	Doi câini maro alergând împreună pe nisip	Doi câini maro aleargă pe nisip.	Two brown dogs running together on sand	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
1.4	Un câine negru aleargă după un disc roșu.	Un pudel negru aleargă în zăpadă.	A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	A black poodle is running in the snow.
3.0	Două fete cu codițe se dau într-un carusel dintr-un parc de distracții.	O fată tânără se dă pe un carusel într-un parc de distracții.	Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
4.2	Un câine săpând în nisip.	Un câine maro sapă în nisip.	A dog digging in the sand.	A brown dog digs in the sand.
0.0	Doi bărbați stau pe trotuarul din fața magazinelor.	O femeie în costum de baie plimbă un câine pe plajă.	Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
4.6	Un câine alb-negru sare peste un pârâu.	Un câine cu pete alb-negre sare peste pârâul mic de apă.	A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
3.0	O persoană pe o bicicletă bmx.	Un bărbat pe bicicletă în aer	A person on a bmx bike.	A man on a bike in mid-air
4.6	Doi câini alergând prin iarbă înaltă.	Doi câini aleargă printr-o zonă cu iarbă.	Two dogs running through tall grass.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
1.0	Câine mic alb purtând o lesă sărind după o minge roșie.	Un câine alb-negru îngroapă un băț în zăpadă.	Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
3.2	Un grup de oameni stând în afara unei clădiri.	Un grup mare de oameni au format un rând afară.	A group of people standing outside of a building.	A large group of people have formed a line outside.
1.6	Un grup de patru copii dansând într-o curte.	Un grup de copii fac întinderi pe rogojini colorate.	A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
4.8	un grup de adolescenți sar în aer pe plajă.	Un grup de tineri sar în aer în timp ce sunt pe plajă.	a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
4.4	Un băiat flutură un artificiu de mână.	Un băiețel răsucește un artificiu de mână în aer.	A boy waves around a sparkler.	A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
2.6	Câteva persoane stau în jurul unui foc noaptea.	Un grup de oameni stau în picioare și jos pe pământ noaptea.	Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
4.0	Două rase diferite de câini maro și albi se joacă pe plajă.	Doi câini care se joacă în nisip la plajă.	Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
3.4	Un bărbat și două femei îmbrăcați în costume de vampir	Un bărbat și două femei îmbrăcați în costume.	One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	A man and two women dressed in costumes.
2.4	Doi băieți, unul purtând pălărie, într-un loc de joacă.	Băiatul cu pălărie cafenie râde în timp ce stă lângă echipamentul de joacă.	Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
5.0	Doi câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	Doi câini se joacă în zăpadă.	Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
0.4	O femeie ține un copil pe când un bărbat se uită la el în timp ce un alt bărbat ținând un copil privește.	O femeie stă cu brațele întinse într-un magazin în timp ce o altă femeie ține un aparat foto.	A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
4.6	Un câine alb pufos aleargă în zăpadă albă curată.	Un câine alb, pufos alergând în zăpadă.	A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
0.0	O femeie ținând un ziar.	Un om dându-se cu rolele pe o bară de metal.	A woman holding a newspaper.	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
3.4	Un grup de bărbați cântând la instrumente de alamă.	Un grup de băieți cântă la instrumente afară.	A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.
0.0	Două fete pe mal urmăresc oamenii într-o barcă de pescuit.	Doi bărbați, unul în roșu și unul în alb jucând un joc de baschet.	Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
4.0	un snowboarder sare în aer.	Un snowboarder zboară prin aer.	a snowboarder jumps into the air.	A snowboarder flies through the air.
0.6	Un câine alb cu urechi roșii aleargă în zăpadă.	un câine negru ud cu zgardă roșie este în râu	A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
0.4	O fetiță și un băiețel se țin de mână pe un tobogan strălucitor.	O fetiță într-o rochie cu model aleargă peste un loc de joacă nisipos.	A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
4.2	Copiii joacă fotbal pe un câmp.	Trei băieți jucând fotbal pe un teren	Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field
2.8	Un bărbat sare de pe un acoperiș pe altul.	Un tânăr sare de pe un balcon pe altul.	A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
3.4	Un copil îl trage pe altul, stând într-o remorcă roșie, de-a lungul nisipului.	Un băiat tânăr trage un alt băiat ce poartă o pălărie prosteasca într-un cărucior de jucărie.	One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
2.4	O bufniță are aripile sus și deschise în timpul zilei.	Pasărea are aripile întinse în timp ce zboară.	An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
0.0	Un bărbat cu o șapcă albastră stă pe un scaun sub un copac.	Un câine stând pe o plajă cu o minge în apropiere.	A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
4.4	O femeie cântă la microfon lângă un băiat care cântă la chitară.	O femeie cântă la un microfon cu un chitarist în fundal.	A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
2.8	Trei oi pasc pe un câmp ierbos cu un câine plimbându-se în spatele lor.	un grup mic de capre în iarbă cu un câine alb-negru în fundal.	Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
4.4	un biciclist sare cu bicicleta între două stânci.	Un bărbat sare cu bicicleta în aer între două stânci.	a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
1.8	O fată tânără cu o pălărie roz cu o clădire galbenă în fundal.	O fată tânără în rochie roz cu ceva în mână.	A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
4.0	O fată într-o rochie roz merge cu bicicleta de-a lungul unui gard de scânduri alb.	O fată în rochie roșie merge cu bicicleta în fața unui gard alb.	A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
1.4	Un animal blănos maro stă în spatele unor plante.	Un câine gâfâie în timp ce stă în pădure.	A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	A dog pants while standing in the woods.
1.0	Un copil într-un tricou roșu folosește o placă de surf neagră pentru a lovi un val la mal.	Un bărbat într-o barcă cu vâsle canotează peste apă albastră.	A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
3.4	Câinele alb-cafeniu aleargă pe câmp.	Câinii alb-maro aleargă prin câmp.	The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.
0.8	Două fete adolescente, una zâmbește.	O fetiță într-un leagăn de copil.	Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	A little girl on a kid swing.
0.2	Două păsări ciripind în iarbă	Doi câini se joacă unul cu celălalt în aer liber.	Two birds interacting in the grass	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
3.4	Doi turiști stau în vârful unui munte înzăpezit.	Doi alpiniști stau în vârful unui munte privind în jur.	Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
4.8	Doi copii într-un câmp de flori roșii.	Doi copii se joacă într-un câmp de flori roșii.	Two children in a field of red flowers.	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
4.0	Un tânăr sare de pe stânci într-un lac.	Un tânăr în șorț de baie roșii a sărit de pe o stâncă mare în apă.	A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
3.6	Un câine mic negru este în iarbă.	Un câine negru aleargă în iarbă.	A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.
1.0	O doamnă îmbrăcată într-un kimono privește la aparatul foto.	Două fete îmbrăcate în negru stau într-o cameră pozând în ipostaze sugestive la cameră.	A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
0.0	Un grup de oameni aprind un balon cu aer cald.	Un grup mare de oameni călărind pe cai maronii și albi.	A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
0.0	Copiii se joacă de-a lupta cu săbiile.	Un copil și un părinte mângâie un cal.	Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.
1.4	Un bărbat navighează cu vele în ocean.	Un câine aleargă prin ocean.	A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	A dog is running through the ocean.
1.4	Trei câini concurând pe o pistă de pământ	Mașini concurând pe o pistă de pământ	Three dogs racing on a dirt track	Cars racing on a dirt track
1.2	Doi oameni ținându-se de mână și plimbându-se într-un câmp.	Doi bărbați trecând pe lângă o pictură murală a unei mașini.	Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
1.6	Un câine maro urmărește un disc	Un câine maro stând pe vine pe iarbă.	A brown dog chases a Frisbee	A brown dog squating on grass.
5.0	Femeie în salopetă roșie stând pe trotuar.	O femeie în salopetă roșie stă pe trotuar.	Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
2.8	Un câine aleargă printr-o curte plină de frunze.	Trei câini aleargă printr-un câmp.	A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.
5.0	doi cățeluși jucându-se în iarbă	Doi cățeluși se joacă în iarbă	two puppies playing around in the grass	Two puppies play in the grass
1.0	Doi câini alb-negri se joacă împreună afară.	Doi copii și un câine negru se joacă în zăpadă.	Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
1.0	Trei câini alergând prin apă.	Un câine negru alergând prin apă.	Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.
1.2	O femeie stă singură în fața unui zid de cărămidă	O femeie merge cu o geantă roșie.	A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.
2.6	Un câine maro ținând un băț în gură.	Un câine înotând cu un băț în gură.	A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
0.8	O femeie tânără se întinde peste farfuria sa la o masă.	O femeie tânără, topless cu excepția vopselei sau noroiului.	A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
3.8	O persoană urcă pe un deal înzăpezit în timp ce câinele îi urmează.	O persoană urcă pe un deal înzăpezit în timp ce un câine negru o urmărește.	A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
2.0	Un câine maro stă pe plajă.	Un câine alergând pe plajă	A brown dog sits on the beach.	A dog running on the beach
5.0	Scafandru scufundat în apă.	Scafandrul este sub apă.	Scuba diver submerged in water.	The scuba diver is underwater.
1.8	Bărbatul merge cu bicicleta pe un deal de pământ.	Un biciclist scamator se dă pe o balustradă.	The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
2.6	Un câine mare gri se joacă în zăpada adâncă.	Patru câini jucându-se în zăpadă.	A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
0.8	Un bărbat mergând cu bicicleta pe plajă lângă ocean.	Un bărbat mergând cu vaca lui pe marginea drumului.	A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
1.0	Un câine într-o mașină.	Un câine mușcă un mop.	A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.
1.2	Un câine cu urechi lungi îndreptându-se spre aparatul foto în pădure.	Un copil în fața propriei reflexii se întoarce spre aparatul foto și zâmbește.	A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
2.4	Un câine maro dă cu apă peste tot prin faptul că iși scutură apa de pe el.	Un câine alb stă lângă un râu scuturându-se pentru a se usca.	A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
1.8	Un câine alb-negru aleargă pe plajă.	Câinele negru cu maro aleargă prin zăpadă.	A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
3.4	Mulți oameni din Orientul Mijlociu stau în spatele unui camion albastru.	Un grup de oameni merg în spatele unui camion.	Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
4.2	Persoană cu două bețe de schi schiând pe un deal înzăpezit.	O persoană schiând pe un deal înzăpezit.	Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
4.6	O femeie mănâncă pește la un restaurant.	O femeie mănâncând un pește mare într-un restaurant.	A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
2.2	Un copil și doi câini se joacă în apă.	Un copil în aripioare de înot roș-albastre uitându-se în jos la apă.	A child and two dogs play in the water.	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
2.2	Un skateboarder făcând un truc pe un perete de piatră.	Un skateboarder mergând până la o pantă.	A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
4.6	Oamenii stau pe o scară rulantă ce merge în sus.	Oamenii urcă pe o scară rulantă.	People are standing on an escalator moving up.	People ride up an escalator.
4.2	O doamnă își aleargă câinele printr-o cursă de agilitate.	Antrenoarea își aleargă câinele ei printr-o cursă de antrenament cu o pipă verde.	A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
1.4	Câinele alb-maro își scutură urechile.	Câinele maro aleargă peste nisip.	The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	The brown dog is running across the sand.
0.2	Câțiva copii își ridică mâinile și bat din palme.	Trei copii joacă fotbal în nisip.	Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
0.0	Un bărbat umflând un balon mare.	Un bărbat plimbând un cal mare negru.	A man blowing a large bubble.	A man walking a large black horse.
3.8	Doi oameni stau pe un ponton lângă apă.	Doi oameni stau la capătul unui ponton în mijlocul apei liniștite.	Two people sit on a dock near the water.	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
4.6	Portar de hochei stând pe gheață în fața plasei.	Un jucător de hochei stă pe gheață în fața porții.	Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
1.4	Un schior purtând pantaloni de schi albaștri zboară prin aer aproape de punctul de salt.	Un schior stă în mâini în zăpadă în fața unui aparat de filmat.	A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
3.4	Câinele maro aleargă de-a lungul unei poteci ierboase.	Un câine maro aleargă de-a lungul unei întinderi ierboase separate de corzi.	The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
0.0	Fata poartă o cămașă cu dungi albastre și role.	un bărbat purtând o cămașă alb-neagră sărind pe spatele unui câine	The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
0.0	Un bărbat tatuat în negru cântând la o chitară albă și din voce.	O femeie într-o haină alb-negră și apărători pentru urechi.	A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
1.4	Un câine aleargând de-a lungul plajei.	Băiat și fată alergând de-a lungul plajei.	A dog running along the beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.
4.6	Un bărbat tânăr și o femeie se sărută stând pe o bancă afară.	Bărbatul și femeia se sărută stând pe o bancă.	A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
3.2	Un câine maro sare în sus să prindă o curea verde în gură.	Un câine gri sare să muște o lesă verde.	A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
3.2	Un câine negru aleargă în iarbă.	Un câine negru și unul maro alergând în iarbă.	A black dog is running in the grass.	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
0.5	O femeie stă pe un trotuar cu un telefon mobil la ureche.	O femeie merge cu bicicleta ei.	A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
1.2	Trei câini se joacă într-un câmp ierbos.	Câțiva copii se joacă într-un câmp.	Three dogs play in a grassy field.	Some kids play in a field.
3.0	Un tânăr se joacă într-o groapă cu bile roșii.	Un băiat râzând stă întins pe o groapă cu bile albastre.	A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
4.4	Un surfer pe un val.	Un surfer plutind pe un val.	A surfer on a wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.
2.4	Skateboarderul ajunge în vârful rampei.	Skateboarderul merge pe țeava din perete într-un parc de skateri.	The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
1.0	Doi bărbați într-un concurs de alergare.	Câini într-o cursă.	Two men in a running contest.	Dogs in a race.
5.0	Doi copii se plimbă pe o cărare în pădure.	Doi copii plimbându-se pe o cărare în pădure.	Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	Two children walking down a path in the woods.
3.4	un câine alb-maro aleargă pe iarbă.	Câinele negru-cafeniu aleargă peste iarbă.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
4.4	Doi câini aleargă unul lângă altul pe iarbă.	Doi câini alergând pe iarbă.	Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.
5.0	Doi câini fac pipi la un hidrant de incendiu roșu.	Doi câini urinează pe hidrantul de incendiu roșu.	Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
0.4	Un jucător de rugby în echipament închis ține o minge de rugby de culoare deschisă cu brațul întins.	Un câine maro se bălăcește în apă în timp ce ține o minge în gură.	A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
1.2	Doi oameni merg prin niște apă.	Două fete merg pe lângă un copac în fața unei clădiri din cărămidă.	Two people are walking through some water.	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
4.0	Un câine bălăcindu-se în apă.	Un câine se bălăcește în apa tulbure.	A dog splashing in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
1.0	Un grup de oameni merg pe trotuarul unui oraș mare.	Un grup de oameni merg în spatele unui camion.	A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
1.0	Câinele este în aer deasupra ierbii.	Câinele este culcat pe un pat cu un cearșaf albastru.	The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
0.0	Un câine negru aleargă prin niște apă.	Un bărbat în uniformă de fotbal aleargă cu o minge de fotbal în timpul unui joc.	A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
2.0	Fata stă în metrou așteptând ceva.	O fată stă într-o zonă slab luminată.	Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
0.6	Bărbatul stă cu o fetiță în parc.	Bărbatul se joacă cu câinele mițos mic.	The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
4.4	Un câine mare cafeniu aleargă cu un obiect verde în gură	Câinele cafeniu ține o jucărie scârțâitoare verde în gură.	A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
0.0	Un grup de oameni în bărci întrecându-se spre țărm.	O clasă de studenți urmărind o prezentare.	A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A classroom of students watching a presentation.
0.6	O persoană se dă pe un skateboard în aer deasupra unei rampe.	Un motociclist merge de-a lungul unei căi ferate situată lângă o zonă împădurită.	A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
0.0	Un băiat se dă cu skateboardul pe balustrada de metal noaptea.	Un câine maro aleargă pe nisip, ținând un băț.	A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
0.0	O persoană se strecoară printr-o deschizătură în fața stâncii.	Un câine maro de dimensiuni medii aleargă printr-o zonă deschisă cu arbori albi.	A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
2.0	Câine alergând spre cameră cu o minge în gură.	Câinele alb-negru înoată cu un obiect maro în gură.	Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
4.2	O tânără alergând pe plajă.	O fetiță alergând pe malul unei plaje.	A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
1.6	Un jucător de baseball aruncă mingea.	Jucătorul de baschet ține mingea.	A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.
3.0	Un bărbat se leagănă pe o frânghie deasupra apei.	Un bărbat într-un costum de baie castaniu se leagănă pe o frânghie pe un lac.	A man is swinging on a rope over water.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
1.0	O fată tânără îmbrăcată într-o ținută Minnie Mouse și o femeie mai în vârstă mergând pe trotuar.	un bărbat îmbrăcat într-un costum alb ținând un ziar plimbându-se pe străzi.	A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
3.0	Ce zici de câteva mărturii ale unor adevărați experți medicali?	Dealtfel, cine poate spune că acestea nu sunt mărturii ale unor „adevărați” experți medicali?	How about some testimonies from real health experts?	"Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from ""real"" health experts on there?"
0.8	Apoi căpitanul a plecat.	Apoi căpitanul s-a întors.	Then the captain was gone.	Then the captain came back.
3.8	Problema este mai simplă decât atât.	Problema e simplă.	The problem is simpler than that.	The problem is simple.
1.0	CERINȚE NEGATIVE DE RECUNOAȘTERE	CERINȚE PENTRU PACIFIC	NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
0.4	"Pentru moment nu am să mai întreb: ""Unde este Marx?"""	"O să continui cu întrebarea: ""Unde este carnea de vita?"""	"So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: "" Where ' s the Marx "" ?"	"I am moving on to ask you the question: "" Where ' s the beef "" ?"
4.6	Ce chestie, îmi ceri să demonstrez că ceva este fals?	Îmi ceri să demonstrez că ceva este fals?	go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?	You're asking me to prove a negative?
5.0	Sunt de acord cu utilizarea în scop medical!	SUNT DE ACORD CU UTILIZAREA ÎN SCOP MEDICAL!	I am OK with MEDICAL use!	I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
2.0	Prețurile tuturor produselor de care ai nevoie au crescut din cauza inflației.	Prețurile a tot ceea ce deții adică bunuri financiare au scăzut.	The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
5.0	Război în Orientul Mijlociu.	UN RĂZBOI în Orientul Mijlociu.	War in the middle east.	A WAR in the middle east.
0.6	Postat inițial de Vienna: În ce sens era autoritar?	Postat inițial de zaf: Eu renunț.	Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?	Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
1.0	Imaginează-ți un loc care e % alb și % negru.	Imaginează-ți un loc unde % sunt bărbați și % sunt femei	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.
5.0	Nu e nicio șansă de un proces echitabil.	Nu există nicio șansă de un proces echitabil.	There's no chance of a fair trial.	there is no chance at a fair trial.
3.6	Nirvana este foarte diferită de uitarea completă.	Nirvana NU înseamnă a uita complet.	Nirvana is very different than oblivion.	Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
4.0	Noi, în Marea Britanie, gândim diferit față de americani.	Postat inițial de zaf: Noi, în Marea Britanie, gândim diferit față de americani.	We in Britain think differently to Americans.	Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
3.1	Dacă răspunzi da la și nu la atunci probabil că ești heterosexual.	Dacă răspunzi da la ,dar nu la atunci probabil că ești heterosexual.	If you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight.	If you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight.
2.2	Întregul pământ produce suficientă hrană un miliard de persoane.	Cine produce acum destul doar pentru un miliard?	The whole earth combined produces enough food for billion people.	Who does it now only produce enough for billion?
3.2	Apropo, el a avut motive întemeiate pentru a amâna la aceea vreme.	Motive întemeiate pentru a amâna la aceea vreme, zici?	BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
4.4	Hei, Ochi-Albaștri, cum merge în Londra?	** sărută pe Ran ** Hei, Ochi-Albaștri, cum merge în Londra?	Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
2.2	dar la știri am văzut că au menționat că e alb.	dar se pare că ar avea mai puțin „impact” dacă nu ar fi spus că e alb.	but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.	"but it seems it would have less ""impact"" if they didn't call him white."
2.4	Potrivit iubitei și a lui Zimmerman, el a făcut-o.	Potrivit lui Zimmerman, a făcut-o.	According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.	According to Zimmerman he did.
2.8	Părinții mei mi-au spus că nu este sănătos.	Profesorii mei mi-au spus că nu este sănătos.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
4.6	.Nazi este un termen argotic folosit pentru NSWP.	Postat inițial de Odin's eye .Nazi este un alt termen folosit pentru NSWP.	.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
1.0	Mă opun pedepsei capitale.	De aceea susțin pedeapsa capitală.	I oppose the death penalty.	This is why I support the death penalty.
2.2	Ei bine, oricum ești conștient acum.	Ei bine, oricum ești conștient de asta acum.	Well, whatever, you are now.	Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.
2.2	Ei nu produc nimic care să pot mânca, purta, sau în care să pot locui.	Gândiți-vă la toate lucrurile pe care nu le puteți „mânca, purta sau în care nu puteți locui”.	They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	"Think about all the things you can't ""eat, wear, or live in""."
3.8	DICKSHOT aparține lui Matt Holliday.	Hey, Matt Holliday e cel mai bun.	DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
2.8	Oamenii au exploatat legile.	Oamenii au ocolit legile.	People exploited the laws.	People bent the laws.
2.2	Interesant, am crezut același lucru despre matematică.	Și eu care credeam că știu ceva matematică.	Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.	And here I thought I knew me some math.
2.6	Am drepturi „Neener Neener” pentru mulți ani. Folosesc și salată.	Am drepturi pentru „Neener Neener” pentru mulți ani. Bună Wiggies!	"I have years of ""Neener Neener"" rights I use lettuce too."	"I have years of ""Neener Neener"" rights Hi Wiggies!"
3.0	"Nu încep sau termin totul cu ""tu urăști evrei."""	"Ar trebui să încetezi să începi sau să termini totul cu ""tu urăști evrei""."	"I don't prefix or suffix everything with ""you hate Jews."""	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
4.8	Aș fi întrebat-o dacă ar fi ok cu un menage-a-trois.	Aș fi întrebat-o măcar dacă un menage-a-trois ar fi înafara oricărei discuți.	I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
1.4	Tot nu are sens.	Tu ești cel care vorbește aiurea.	It still makes no sense.	It's you who makes no sense.
1.2	Case mai scumpe.	Mașini mai scumpe.	More expensive homes.	More expensive cars.
0.8	"Martin a spus: ""De ce mă urmărești?"""	"Zimmerman a răspuns: ""Ce faci aici?"""	"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""	"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""
2.0	DEȘI ESTIMĂRILE INTENSITĂȚII SATELITULUI DE LA TAFB ȘI SAB SUNT DOAR T./	ESTIMĂRILE INTENSITĂȚII SUBIECTIVE DVORAK DE LA TAFB ȘI SAB AU CRESCUT LA KT.	ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./	SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO KT.
1.2	„Zânele nu există” - bine.	„Satirii nu există” - bine.	Fairies don't exist - fine.	Satyrs don't exist - fine.
2.8	Vrei să știi ce mi se pare ciudat?	Asta mi se pare ciudat.	You wanna know what I find curious?	That's what I find curious.
2.6	Când am comparat eu homosexuaitatea cu tulburări de dezvoltare?	Am comparat homofobia cu o tulburare de dezvoltare.	When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?	I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
2.6	Dacă ați întrebat conservatorii, rezultatele vor fi înclinate spre dreapta.	Dacă ați întrebat progresiști, rezultatele vor fi înclinate spre stânga.	If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.	If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.
0.8	Nu ați menționat PFA înainte de acel post.	Nu am menționat nici ordinul de restricție.	You didn't mention PFA before that one post.	I didn't mention restraining order either.
2.4	Ramblin' Rose de Nat King Cole: Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Eye of the Tiger: Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
3.0	din anul precedent.	S-a încălzit .C comparat cu anul precedent.	from the year prior.	warmed.C from the year prior.
1.0	Încă iubesc aceasta emisiune.	La naiba, emisiunea asta.	Still love this show.	Holy poo poo, this show.
3.2	vastele lor proprietăți sunt protejate de guvern.	averea lor colosală este protejată de guvern.	their vast properties are protected by the govt.	their great wealth is protected by the govt.
4.6	Diferența fundamentală, vă rog?	Diferența fundamentală?	Fundimental difference, please?	Fundamental difference?
1.4	"Cum anume este Germania ""pedepsită"" pentru stupizenia de Primul Război Mondial?"	Cum anume sunt ei pedepsiți?	How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?	How exactly are they being punished?
3.0	Z l-a urmărit și apoi l-a împușcat.	Ai pretins că Zimmerman „l-a urmărit și apoi l-a împușcat”.	Z stalked him down, then shot him.	"You claimed Zimmerman "" Stalked him down, then shot him ""."
5.0	Nu sunt revoltat, sunt dezampăgit.	Doamne ajută! Nu sunt revoltat, sunt dezamăgit.	I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
0.8	Oricum n-am scăpat niciodată de acolo!	Și în primul rând, de unde provin banii?	We never got out of it in the first place!	Where does the money come from in the first place?
2.11111111111111	Libertatea de exprimare are consecințe!	Dacă libertatea de exprimare are consecințe, atunci nu este o libertate.	Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
2.8	Părinții mei mi-au spus că nu este sănătos.	Profesorii mei mi-au spus că nu este sănătos.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
2.0	dacă ai putea ucide o persoană pentru a salva patru, ai face-o?	În ceea ce privește uciderea unei persoane pentru a salva , habar n-am.	if you could kill one person to save four, would you?	As to would I kill person to save , I have no idea.
1.1	Nu impune morală.	Impune o lege.	It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.
5.0	Depinde de cum definești extrem.	Depinde de cum definești „extrem”.	It depends how you define extreme.	"Depends on how you define ""extreme""."
1.2	Cel puțin Mexic avea forțe de ordine în California.	Mexic nu are nici un drept asupra Californiei.	At least Mexico had a presence in California.	Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
3.0	Deci DA, noi citim Biblia pentru a afla despre creștinism.	personal aș citi Biblia pentru a afla despre creștinism.	So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
4.5	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
3.4	Și de aceea țipi la mine și refuzi să-mi răspunzi la întrebări?	Încă refuzi să-mi răspunzi la întrebări?	And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?	Still refusing to answer my questions?
3.8	Aveți prea multe regulamente, nu prea puține.	Aveti prea multe intervenții în mediu privat, nu prea puține.	You have too much regulation, not too little.	You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
4.0	Elementul uman. Cred că ai putea să-l angajezi pe Lance Berkman la sfârșitul anului ?	Cred că ai putea să-l angajezi pe Lance Berkman la sfârșitul anului ?	The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
2.6	De ce a fost lăsată Cartea lui Toma în afara canonului?	De ce nu au fost adăugate mai multe cuvinte ale lui Iisus în canon?	Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
1.8	Vrei să spui că tu crezi presa?	Vrei să spui că tu crezi ce zice SpringHallConvert?	You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?	You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?
2.4	Suntem meniți să explorăm.	Suntem meniți să ne mișcăm.	We are meant to explore.	We are meant to move.
3.4	Israelului nu-i pasă, acceptă asta.	Israel nu dă doi bani pe ce cred restul.	Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.	That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
3.4	Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	I Want to Rock and Roll de Kiss. Suntem cu totii plini de multe minuni.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
3.6	Timbru de parașută! Un prieten drag din Ohio mi-a trimis asta.	Un prieten drag din Ohio mi-a trimis asta.	Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
1.6	Și totuși, povestea Titanicului este cea care rămane adevărată și dupa examinarea atentă a dovezilor.	După examinarea atentă realizată de OMI, noul studiu arată că povestea Titanicului nu e adavărată.	And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
3.2	Poate el cu adevărat câștiga bani din Google Adsense.	Cine câștigă bani din Google Ads?	Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	Who makes money off google ad sense?
4.6	Ei știu că videoclipul nu arată o cameră de gazare.	Ce contează e că videoclipul nu arată o cameră de gazare.	They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.	The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.
4.4	E cald, probabil e un record.	E și mai cald, aproape sigur un record.	Warm , maybe record.	Warmer , almost certainly a record.
2.2	„Strălucit, dar zăpăcit” devine „tratează-l cu medicamente”.	„Pedant și încăpățânat” devine „tratează-l cu medicamente”.	"Bright but scatterbrained becomes ""treat with drugs""."	"Opinionated and stubborn becomes treat with drugs""."
1.2	Care este definiția ta pentru „viață”?	Care este definiția ta pentru natură?	"What is your definition of ""life""?"	What's your definition of nature?
2.2	Ar putea fi o mulțime de lucruri.	Ar putea fi o simplă greșeală.	Could be a lot of things.	Could be a simple mistake.
3.8	Fără șantaj, fără mită, fără bani. El cere bani pentru votul său.	Fără șantaj, fără mită, fără bani. Doar infracțiuni din clasa E.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.
4.0	Versiunea revizuită a Dr. Neander.	Versiunea revizuită a lui Neander ?	Dr. Neander's revised version.	"Neander's revised version""?"
2.2	Ar trebui să-i spun ce simt?	Ar trebui să aștept și să văd cum decurg lucrurile?	Should I just tell her how I feel?	Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
0.8	I. CERINȚE PENTRU ATLANTIC	CERINȚE PENTRU PACIFIC	I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
2.6	nu mai ai nici o rămășiță de rachetă la pentagon.	nu ai nici un martor pentru existența unei rachete la pentagon.	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
2.2	„Jane” vrea ca eu să îl rog pe oaspetele amabil să plătească pentru asta.	Nu-mi vine să cred că ea îți cere ȚIE să îi ceri bani oaspetelui amabil!	Jane wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.	I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
1.6	orice femeie care își dorește medicamente contraceptive, le poate obține.	Orice femeie care dorește să facă avort o poate face.	any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
2.6	Este legal să crești?	Da, este legal să crești.	Is it legal to grow?	Yes, it's legal to grow.
1.8	Dacă apeși unu, nu trece în engleză.	Dacă apeși unu trimite un ton.	"pressing one does not ""do"" english."	Pressing one does send a tone.
2.8	Care este părerea mea cu privire la serial?	Între timp, care a fost părerea mea despre Firefly?	What's my opinion regarding the series?	What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
3.6	Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Chuck Close: Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.0	Are susținători?	Cu siguranță are susținători.	Does he have supporters?	He definently has supporters.
2.2	bine, dar suveranitate supremă?	Prin urmare, suveranitatea supremă.	but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
4.8	acesta nu este un răspuns.	nu, nu este un răspuns.	that is not an answer.	no, it's not an answer.
2.2	Naziștii au crescut termenul de valabilitate a permisului de armă de la X ani la X ani.	Nazistii au scăzut vârsta minimă pentru a cumpăra arme de la X la X.	The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from to years.	The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from to .
3.6	Dar nu o putem face fără ajutor.	"Nu o putem face fără tine ""."	But we can't do it without help.	"We can't do it without you."""
1.4	Nicio persoană sănătoasă nu are nevoie de jocuri de noroc.	Nicio persoană sănătoasă nu are nevoie de sex.	No healthy person needs gambling.	No healthy person needs sex.
2.0	Am spus că în sensul juridic nu este o persoană.	Dacă nu este o persoană, atunci ce naiba este?	I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
1.8	Crezi că Obama va cere reformarea regulamentelor?	Crezi că Obama va cere să reducă, să limiteze sau să echilibreze lucrurile?	Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?	Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?
3.0	„Spiridușii nu există” - bine.	„Elfii nu există” - bine.	Leprechauns don't exist - fine.	Elves don't exist - fine.
2.0	Am niște Heinz și Coors light, am început-o aseară și xanis.	Am început-o aseară xanis.	Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.	i started it last night xanis.
4.2	Iranul a semnat ,de asemenea, și TNN și AIEA.	Trebuie să iți placă faptul că Iranul a semnat TNN și IAEA.	Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	"Gotta love the EK factoid that ""Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA."
2.0	„Gorgonele nu există” - bine.	„Satirii nu există” - bine.	Gorgons don't exist - fine.	Satyrs don't exist - fine.
3.0	Cel mai bun mod de a scoate bani este să scapi de lobby.	Cel mai bun mod de a schimba complet situația este să scoți bani.	Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.	Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
3.4	Am drepturi pentru „Neener Neener” pentru mulți ani. De obicei primesc îngrijiri destul de decente.	Am drepturi pentru „Neener Neener” pentru mulți ani. Sunt nebuni.	"I have years of ""Neener Neener"" rights Usually I get pretty decent care."	"I have years of ""Neener Neener"" rights they are crack ups."
3.6	Dutchy: Are cineva vești de la Dutchy?	@NickFun: are cineva vești de la Dutchy?	Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
3.6	Formular extins pentru valoare a mărfurilor,.	Formular elementar pentru valoarea de capital pe mărfuri.	Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .	Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
1.4	Tu ești creștin.	Prin urmare, nu ești creștin.	You are a Christian.	Therefore you are not a Christian.
4.0	Și simplul fapt de astăzi?	Repet: Și simplul fapt de azi?	And the simple fact today?	I repeat: And the simple fact today?
2.0	Valorile morale nu au absolut nimic de-a face cu asta!	și valorile morale și onestitatea au de-a face cu asta!	Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
1.8	„O, ești o persoană atât de bună!	"Ești o persoană atât de rea! """	Oh, you're such a good person!	"You're such a bad person!"""
3.6	Fern, cred că poveștile de acest gen sunt stupide.	- lupule, cred că poveștile de acest gen sunt stupide.	Fern I think stories like this are stupid.	- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
3.4	NU SE AȘTEAPTĂ FORMAREA UNUI CICLON ÎN ORELE URMĂTOARE.	NU SE AȘTEAPTĂ FORMAREA UNUI CICLON TROPICAL	CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT HOURS.	TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
1.2	Tu nu înțelegi ce înseamnă acel șir de cuvinte?	Tu nu înțelegi ce presupune cuvântul „condus”?	Do you not understand what that string of words means?	Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
1.2	Nu avem libertate religioasă.	Nu avem libertate de exprimare.	There is no freedom of religion.	There is no freedom of speech.
2.4	Postat inițial de SolInvictus Mesajul tuturor scripturilor este unitatea.	Postat inițial de SolInvictus Ah.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
3.0	La cât timp după exterminare, copilul ar trebui să se întoarcă la școală?	La cât timp după exterminare nu ar mai trebui să îl mai deranjeze pe copil?	How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
3.4	Da, un bărbat și o femeie sunt diferiți.	Da? Bărbații și femeile sunt diferiți?	A man and a woman are different yes.	Men and women are different yes?
2.2	Dubla incriminare impune de fapt un verdict contradictoriu.	În ceea ce privește legalitatea procesului, pot recurge la verdictul contradictoriu.	Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
1.0	Facilitator: Arată-mi copilul inteligent.	Facilitator: Și de ce este ea copilul prost?	Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
3.2	ficțiunea religioasă. Nu este aceasta redundantă și repetitivă?	Nu este asta redundant și repetitiv?	religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
0.0	Postat inițial de anabelle Ce este în neregulă cu asta?	Postat inițial de Viena Pentru „a spune” ce?	Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
1.6	Cracklin' Rosie de Neil Diamond Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Jingle Bell Rock de Bobby Helm Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
1.6	Unii oameni au încredere deplină în cei care conduc aceste instituții.	Alți oameni nu au deloc încredere în cei care conduc aceste instituții.	Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.	Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
2.2	mărunțiș a început ca o ficțiune.	S-a sfârșit ca o ficțiune.	loose change started out as a work of fiction.	It finished as a work of fiction.
3.0	Dacă nu era viu, nu s-ar fi putut naște.	Dacă nu era viu, ar fi suferit un avort spontan pe cont propriu.	If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
2.4	GL, Terral. Este absolut uimitor.	Salut Ollie: Este absolut uimitor.	GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.	Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
3.77777777777778	să presupunem că % este alb și % este negru.	Imaginați-vă un loc care este % alb și % este negru.	lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
2.11111111111111	Libertatea de exprimare are consecințe!	Dacă libertatea de exprimare are consecințe, atunci nu este o libertate.	Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
1.0	„Zânele nu există” - bine.	„Spiridușii nu există” - bine.	Fairies don't exist - fine.	Leprechauns don't exist - fine.
3.2	Dacă da, spuneți că acesta este motivul pentru care nu sunt adevărate.	Vă rog, ce anume despre ele nu e adevărat.	If so, state that is why they're not true.	Please, what about them are not true.
2.8	Să nu vorbești despre asta „și” să nu faci nimic.	e și mai rău decât să vorbești despre asta și să nu faci nimic.	-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.	is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
1.4	„A fi împotriva armelor nucleare” nu înseamnă „că dorești să folosești armele nucleare”.	„A fi împotriva utilizării armelor nucleare” înseamnă „că nu dorești să folosești armele nucleare”.	"Being against nukes does not mean ""not wanting to use nukes""."	"Being against using nukes means ""not wanting to use nukes""."
1.4	Nepoata mea este căsătorită cu un bărbat de culoare.	Strănepoata mea are un părinte de culoare.	My niece is married to a black man.	My great niece is half black.
1.0	Populația Regatului Unit este cu puțin peste un milion.	Populația Joponiei este de aproape un milion.	The UK population is just over million.	The Japanese population is nearly million.
3.4	Am împușcat șeriful Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	Suntem cu toții plini de multe minuni.	I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.0	Sper că nu e nimic important.	Sper că totul este in regula!	I hope this is nothing.	I hope everything is ok!
4.2	Banii pe care i-am cheltuit adoptându-l pe Velociraptor.	Acela poate fi recordul meu. Banii pe care i-am cheltuit adoptându-l pe Velociraptor.	The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
4.2	Deci tu chiar crezi fiecare cuvânt din ceea ce a scris Terral?	GL, Terral Bună Corn: Deci tu chiar crezi fiecare cuvânt din ceea ce a scris Terral?	So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
1.6	Ce nu este cum s-a vândut?	Nu este cum a fost vândut, gb.	What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.
4.4	Știu că nu mi-ar plăcea să fiu el.	Nici mie nu mi-ar plăcea să fiu el.	I know I'd hate to be him.	I'd hate to be him too.
4.6	nu era nici o armă.	Bineînțeles că nu era nici o armă.	there were no weapons.	Of course there were no weapons.
3.0	Este atât de stupid încât sigur trebuie să fie adevărat.	Este amuzant să crezi că ar putea fi adevărat.	It's so stupid that it just has to be true.	It's amusing to think it even might be true.
4.4	Nu crezi că ar trebui să fie responsabilitate personală?	Din nou, responsabilitate personală.	Personal responsibility much?	Again, personal responsibility.
4.57142857142857	Observați lucrurile fără sens pe care le spuneți?	Și, să fiu sincer, observați lucrurile fără sens pe care le spuneți?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
2.6	Cred că l-am scos din partea dorsală a recensământului ca dintr-un joben.	Recensământul are o finalitate scoasă din joben?	I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.	Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
4.4	Și cum se înclină asta împotriva lui Bush??	Unde este orientarea împotriva lui Bush?	How is this slanted against Bush??	Where is the slant against Bush?
4.8	Dacă nu ar fi o tâmpenie, nu ar fi homeopatie.	Asta e o logică simplă. Dacă nu ar fi o tâmpenie, nu ar fi homeopatie.	If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
0.4	Nu l-am acuzat niciodată de dopaj, nimic.	Nu l-am acuzat niciodată de fraudarea unui meci de baseball prin dopaj.	I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.	I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
3.8	Planul de salvare a fost mai mare decât TARP (Troubled Asset Relief Program, programul de degrevare a activelor neperformante), conform Bloomberg News.	Planul de salvare a fost mai mare decât TARP (Troubled Asset Relief Program, programul de degrevare a activelor neperformante). Acest titlu este înșelător.	The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.	The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
2.0	Părinții mei mi-au spus că este rău pentru tine.	ofițerii mi-au spus că este rău pentru tine.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.
1.0	Poziția lui este că este vorba despre asumarea riscului individual.	Poziția lui este așa cum este în prezent.	His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.	His position is the way it is currently.
0.8	I. CERINȚE ATLANTICE.	CERINȚE PACIFICE.	I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
4.8	Citește mai mult: Nu ai întâlnit niciodată pe cineva care să fie pro-avort?	Nu ai întâlnit niciodată pe cineva care să fie pro-avort?	Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
0.2	Nu am nicio problemă cu cei care au bani!	Am multe probleme cu acești bărbați, mult prea multe pentru a le înșira aici!	I have no problem with those that have money!	I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!
2.0	Nixon, Ford și Carter au închis câmpurile petroliere?	Nimeni nu a închis câmpurile petroliere.	Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	No has has shut down the oil fields.
1.0	Nu vreau un președinte căruia „îi pasă”.	Nu vreau un președinte care să fie carismatic.	i don't want a president who 'cares'.	i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
0.0	Nu trebuie să fie moarte cerebrală.	Nu am un model propus.	It doesn't have to be braindead.	I don't have a proposed model.
3.2	Nicio dovadă a proiectilului.	Niciun martor al proiectilului	no missile evidence.	no missile witnesses.
2.2	Profesorii mei mi-au spus că este rău pentru tine.	ofițerii mi-au spus că este rău pentru tine.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you.
4.2	Doamne, eu sunt cea la care sarcina bate la ușă.	Am o sarcină care bate la ușă.	My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.	I have the pregnancy ticker.
1.4	Atunci el nu este atotputernic.	Atunci el este răuvoitor.	Then he is not omnipotent.	Then he is malevolent.
3.0	pălărie din folie de aluminiu pentru față de câine, ce mărime porți?	pălărie din folie de aluminiu pentru sergent, ce mărime porți?	tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?	tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?
4.2	La fel ca această persoană, în vârstă de ... ani, care a fost împușcată mortal într-o tranzacție legată de marijuana.	Sau băiatul de ... ani, împușcat mortal, cu arme automate, de dealerii de marijuana.	Like this year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.	Or the year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
2.6	Dacă sari pentru lovitură, primești o penalizare.	Dacă bățul tău lovește un tip în față, primești o penalizare.	If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.	If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.
2.4	TOATĂ energia electrică vine de la baterie.	TOATĂ energia electrică vine, în final, de la alternator.	ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
2.4	Știți câți pasageri au depus mărturie sau ce au declarat?	Câți pasageri au declarat că au văzut un ghețar?	Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?	How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
1.6	Imaginează-ți un loc cu % bărbați și % femei.	Imaginează-ți un loc cu % alb și % negru.	Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
1.75	Scenariul A presupune că rata de creștere a CO este accelerată cu .% /an.	Presupune că rata de creștere a metanului accelerează cu . % / an.	Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
4.6	Ele au arătat de fapt o tendință de răcire din ... din cauza recentului declin.	primește un trend de răcire din partea ... din cauza recentului declin.	They have actually showed a cooling trend since due to the recent decline.	get a cooling trend from because of the recent decline.
3.0	Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	Landon, Memorie din Cats: Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
4.5	de repetat: Ei NU sunt la fel de suverani precum erau înainte.	Ei NU sunt la fel de suverani precum erau înainte.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
4.25	Ieșit din mână și complet nedemn de încredere, cu toate acestea, nu ar face.	Ieșit din mână și nedemn de încredere?	Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	Out of touch and untrustworthy?
3.6	În mare parte sunt doar olandezii.	De fapt, sunt doar olandezii.	It is mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.
4.8	Vorbim din nou despre îngeri și oameni de rând, nu e așa?	@Lustig Andrei, vorbim din nou despre îngeri și oameni de rând, nu e așa?	We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
2.6	Afirmații despre caracterul lui Trayvon. Și când am făcut asta?	Blogurile Slanted: Și când am făcut eu asta?	claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?	slanted blogs And when did I do that?
2.6	% Câți bani ia PP pentru serviciile de avort?	Cât se cheltuiește pentru serviciile de avort?	% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	How much is spent on abortions services?
2.4	De ce a avut loc acea tranzacție.	A avut loc tranzacția?	Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?
2.4	Nu mai există ovocite după fecundare.	Nu mai există spermatozoizi.	There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.	There is no more sperm cell.
4.0	Lacey - bine ai revenit!	Oricum, bine ai revenit!	Lacey - welcome back!	Anyway, welcome back.
4.4	Mai multe verificări ale faptelor: nu știu de ce face cineva atâta caz pentru pariul de $.	Nu știu de ce face cineva atâta caz pentru pariul de $.	More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
2.4	Dacă nu ai făcut nicio cerere, atunci doar spune asta.	Nu am făcut nicio cerere.	If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.	I haven't made any claims.
2.4	Niciun adept al lui Thatcher nu se poate declara vreodată libertarian.	Deci mă jignește când adepții lui Thatcher se declară libertarieni.	No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.	Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
2.46666666666667	problema nu este cine are bani.	problema este cine nu are bani.	the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
2.8	Dar tu chiar crezi că a fost un ghețar în acele ape?	Nu cred că a fost vreun ghețar nicăieri pe lângă Titanic.	But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
3.0	Fără echipele Astros sau Orioles, zi proastă pentru Orioles: jocul este înghețat pentru mine.	Ziua de joc pentru meciul Orioles e fixată pentru mine.	not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
2.4	Dacă e așa, mulți polițiști ar trebui să ia medicamente eliberate pe bază de reteță.	Dacă e așa, mulți inventatori, scriitori ar trebui să ia medicamente eliberate pe bază de reteță.	If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.	If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..
4.0	Spune-ne care au fost acuzațiile.	Da, care sunt acuzațiile lui.	Tell us what the charges were.	Yes what are his charges.
1.8	Aceia sunt parțial psihopați.	A fost Ted Bundy parțial psihopat?	Those are partial psychopaths.	Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
4.2	cei care ignoră istoria sunt sortiți să o repete.	ooo lovitura a DOUA cei care ignoră istoria sunt sortiți să o repete.	those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
2.4	Aceasta NU este o desfășurare de forțe militare în război.	nu este o trimitere oficială în misiune.	this is NOT a war deployment.	its not an official deployment.
3.6	Nutrax. Pluralul de la „anecdotă” nu este „date”. Au nevoie domnii de însoțitori?	Nutrax. Pluralul de la „anecdotă” nu este „date”.	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
4.0	Bine, tocmai am primit-o.	nu bine. Bine, tocmai am primit-o.	Alright just got in.	not well Alright just got in.
3.0	Eu și H am citit amândoi cărțile și am crezut că filmul avansează foarte repede.	Nu am citit cărțile, dar am văzut filmul astăzi.	h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.	I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.
2.4	Totuși, aceasta nu este scena Moloch.	Aceasta este scena Moloch.	That's not the Moloch scene, though.	This is the Moloch scene.
4.4	@Lustig Andrei, Deci Lyndon Johnson și John Kennedy au fost compatibili?	@edgarblythe, Deci Lyndon Johnson și John Kennedy au fost compatibili?	@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
0.6	Trebuie să te hotărăști.	Trebuie să îți revizuiești aptitudinile logice.	You need to make up your mind.	You need to polish up on your logic skills.
1.4	Cel care merge apoi pe jos către casă și se culcă.	Cel care merge de trei ori pe jos către casă și își bate soția.	The one that has walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.	The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
3.8	@Admin DrPizza și uitasem ce plângăcios mic ești.	și uitasem ce plângăcios mic ești.	- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
4.2	Argumentul a fost „Albert Einstein nu a mers la facultate”.	OMG, „Einstein nu a mers la facultate”.	"The argument was ""Albert Einstein didn't go to college""."	"OMG, ""Einstein didn't go to college."""
2.4	Câștiguri de capital, la rata maximă:... procente.	Impozitul pe venit, la rata maximă: ... procente.	Capital gains, top rate: percent.	Income tax, top rate: percent.
1.0	Excesul este inacceptabil.	A fi beat este inacceptabil.	Bienging is unaccptable.	Being drunk is unacceptable.
3.4	El nu a mai fost amuzant de ani buni.	El nu a mai fost amuzant de când Larry Bud Melman a fost în spectacol.	He hasn't been funny in years.	He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
2.4	Dacă universul are o explicație pentru existența sa, acea explicație este Dumnezeu.	Prin urmare, universul are o explicație pentru existența sa.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.
5.0	Ce primim în schimbul luptei pe care o ducem pentru ei?	------ ---------- Ce primim în schimbul luptei pe care o ducem pentru ei?	What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
1.2	Nu ar opri căsătoriile făcute în glumă.	Și eu nu lupt pentru căsătorie.	It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.
2.2	Dacă ei ar fi evrei, i-aș numi evrei.	Dacă ei ar fi catolici, i-aș numi catolici.	If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.	If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.
4.0	Era o doamnă grozavă.	Era o doamnă drăguță.	She was a great lady.	She was a nice lady.
0.8	Nu este bogat pentru că are succes.	De ce să urăști oamenii pentru că au succes?	He's not wealthy because he's successful.	Why hate people because they are successful?
1.75	Nu la fel de iritat ca tine.	Pari la fel de iritat ca Henry.	Not as irritated as you.	You seem as irritated as Henry.
2.5	Este o chestiune de bun simț/de raționament deductiv.	A evidențiat bunul tău simț/ raționamentul deductiv.	It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
0.8	Ai făcut deja asta - avem un musulman în funcție acum.	-CryptoLutheran: Nu. Avem un creștin în funcție acum.	You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
3.4	Am spus că ea nu a trebuit niciodată să fie parte a forței de muncă.	Ann Romney nu a trebuit niciodat să iasă din casă și să fie parte a forței de muncă.	I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
3.0	Din câte știu, pe DreamTech nu s-a ejaculat niciodată.	Din câte știu, nu s-a ejaculat niciodată pe aceasta.	DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
1.2	Nu am spus că ne-am înmuiat de la / Rand.	Am spus că TU ai devenit moale.	I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.	I said YOU had gotten soft.
3.8	Cu toții credem că obținem ceea ce așteptăm.	De cele mai multe ori, % din timp, primim ceea ce ne așteptăm.	We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
4.4	Despicable Ben, încetează să mai cauți scuze pentru om.	Ben, încetează să mai cauți scuze pentru om.	Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.	Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
3.6	Doar dacă nu e diferit în țări diferite?	Deci, pe scurt, da, probabil e diferit în țări diferite.	Unless it's different in different countries?	So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
2.2	Noul studiu nu susține afirmația ta.	Dovezile fizice nu susțin afirmația ta.	The new study does not support your claim.	The physical evidence does not support your claim.
4.6	El a spus la FIECARE nivel.	Dar el a spus FIECARE nivel.	He said at EVERY level.	But he said EVERY level.
2.2	moralitatea nu există, deci, tehnic, nimic nu poate fi greșit din punct de vedere moral.	Întreb din nou: dacă Dumnezeu nu există, poate fi ceva greșit din punct de vedere moral?	morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
4.0	Am crezut că, în mare parte, sunt doar olandezii.	Sunt în mare parte doar olandezii.	I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	It is mostly just the Dutch.
3.2	Toyland, de Johnny Mathis: Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	Eye of the Tiger (Ochiul Tigrului): Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
3.8	Hai să lăsăm asta să se joace în instanță.	Nimic nu împiedică acest lucru să se joace în instanță.	Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
1.8	A face parte dintr-o bandă nu este o crimă.	A comite o crimă în cadrul unei bande este o infracțiune.	Being in a gang isnt a crime.	Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
4.2	Aș oferi Iranului o înțelegere.	Chuck, aș oferi Iranului o afacere.	I'd offer Iran a deal.	Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
1.2	Da, amândoi sunt diferiți.	Opiniile sunt diferite.	Yes, they are both different.	Opinions are different.
1.1	Nu presupune să impui o morală.	Impune o lege.	It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law.
3.8	Și-a folosit vreodată Annie sexualitatea în felul acesta?	Un cuvânt: zombi. Și-a folosit Annie vreodată sexualitatea în acest mod?	Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
2.4	COMUNISM PUR: Ai două vaci.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARHO-CAPITALISM: Ai două vaci.	PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
3.4	Ar trebui să pui oamenii de știință pe un piedestal.	De ce oamenii ca tine pun oamenii de știință pe un piedestal?	You should put scientists on a pedestal.	Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
3.6	Ce încearcă ei să ascundă?	Apoi am întrebat: Ce încearcă ei să ascundă?	What are they trying to hide?	I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
3.0	Asta te-ar face parțial responsabil pentru moartea lor.	Asta te-ar face un fel de accesoriu, cred.	That would make you partially responsible for their death.	That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
0.0	„Ați vrea să plătiți pentru asistența medicală a altora?”	„Ați vrea să vă puneți centura de siguranță?”	Would you like to pay for others health care?	Would you like to wear your seatbelt?
4.4	Ei NU sunt la fel de suverani precum erau înainte.	de repetat: Ei NU sunt la fel de suverani precum erau înainte.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
2.0	Nu îl văd pe Obama ca fiind cel mai mic dintre cele două rele.	Nu îl văd deloc ca fiind rău.	I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.	I don't see him as evil at all.
3.2	Or this one (Ori acesta), de Jim Croce: Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	Cu toții suntem vase care purtăm minuni.	Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
3.4	Ideea este că un copil neînarmat a fost ucis.	Ideea este că a fost ucis un copil neînarmat care era negru.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
0.9	"Zimmerman a răspuns: ""Ce faci aici?"""	"Martin a spus: ""De ce mă urmărești?"""	"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""	"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""
1.6	Am o problemă cu nereligiosul care face asta.	Nu am o problemă cu religia care nu face asta.	Irreligion that does that I have a problem.	Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
3.2	Dacă sunt supărat, va apărea într-una din aceste scanări..	Dacă sunt hiperactiv, va apărea într-una din aceste scanări.	If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
1.4	Cui îi pasă dacă vrei să cumperi $ miliarde în acțiuni ale companiei XYZ Inc.?	Dacă vrei să cumperi o casă sau un SUV, din nou, cui îi pasă?	If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?	If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
1.53333333333333	Miliard. Toată lumea de pe glob se află la nivelul actual de prosperitate al Mexicului.	Toată lumea de pe glob se află momentan la nivelul de „prosperitate” al Africii de nord-vest.	billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
3.1	Dacă răspunzi cu „da” la și cu „nu” la probabil ești hetero.	Dacă răspunzi cu „nu” la , dar cu „da” la , atunci probabil ești hetero.	If you answer yes to and no to you are probably straight.	If you answer no to but yes to then you are probably straight.
4.2	Uneori îmi imaginez că am putere.	Uneori și eu îmi imaginez că se înclină oamenii în fața puterii mele demente.	Sometimes I fantasize about having power.	Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.
2.8	Părinții mei mi-au spus că este rău pentru tine.	Șeriful meu mi-a spus că este rău pentru tine.	My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
3.6	Revolta lui Atlas. Este de asemenea o performanță notabilă în ceea ce privește prostia.	Este, de asemenea, un interpret minunat în ceea ce privește prostia absolută.	Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
2.4	De unde să știe Martin că nu a fost așa?	De unde să știe Martin sau oricine altcineva intențiile sale pe baza acțiunilor sale?	How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
2.4	Regulamentul face ca guvernul să se implice în toate.	„Ca guvernul să se implice în toate?”	Regulation get the government into everything.	Get the government into everything?
2.5	Este un lucru ce ține de bun simț / raționament deductiv.	Ți-a împiedicat simțul comun / raționamentul deductiv.	It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
2.8	Da, am presupus că toate ambalajele vor fi reciclabile în argumentul meu.	Și eu am presupus la fel în argumentul meu.	Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	I've assumed this as well in my argument.
3.6	Verdictul contradictoriu nu înseamnă că o lege este neconstituțională.	Verdictul contradictoriu înseamnă că o lege este neconstituțională?	Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
2.2	Sunt doar niște de celule.	Eu sunt doar „niște celule”.	It's just a bunch of cells.	"I'm ""a bunch of cells."""
1.6	Munca lui Mann era despre matematică.	Munca lui Mann și HS a fost despre inele de copac.	Mann's work was all about math.	Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
4.0	Îmi pare foarte rău să aud asta, Kelly.	Îmi pare foarte rău, Kelly.	I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.	I'm so sorry, Kelly.
3.0	Nu-mi plac berile cu aromă.	Nu-mi plac multe băuturi aromate.	I don't like flavored beers.	I don't like many flavored drinks.
1.6	Sper că totul este în regulă!	Sper că cel drag ție e bine.	I hope everything is ok!	I hope your LO is ok.
1.6	orice femeie care își dorește medicamente contraceptive le poate obține.	Orice femeie poate să facă avort dacă dorește.	any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
4.6	S După cum doriți: îl vedeți pe Hitler ucigând evrei?	Îl vedeți pe Hitler ucigând evrei?	S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?	Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
4.0	Și eu sunt prietenul tău Mitt.	bunul prietenul tău Mitt.	And I'm your friend Mitt.	Your good friend Mitt.
1.6	Înseamnă că e o opțiune.	Nu înseamnă că e o opțiune rea.	It means its AN option.	Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
5.0	Cred că trebuie să recitești ceea ce am scris.	Trebuie să recitești ceea ce am scris.	I think you need to reread what I wrote.	You need to reread what I wrote.
3.77777777777778	Să presupunem că avem % alb și % negru.	Imaginați-vă un loc care e % alb și % negru.	lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
1.8	"Mama a dat buzna înăuntru și a spus: ""Ce-i acest zgomot?"""	Copiii mei au dat buzna înăuntru și au spus „ce-i asta tată?”	"Mom busted in and said, ""What's that noise?"""	My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
3.6	Cel mai bun prieten al meu, Kutte, fostul meu logodnic, nu ar apela la VA sau la medicul Marinei.	Jay, fostul meu logodnic, nu ar apela la VA sau la medicul Marinei.	My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
2.8	Titularul a completat o scrisoare de trei pagini.	Judecătorii dispun ca o scrisoare de trei pagini să fie completată.	Holder filed a three-page letter.	The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
2.2	@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, de acord.	@Lustig Andrei, Mulțumesc, Lustig.	@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.	@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.
4.8	Aceasta eclipsează vechiul record al instalării.	Acest lucru bate recordul zilnic al instalării.	This eclipses the old record of set in .	This breaks the daily record of set in .
0.9	Zimmerman a răspuns: „Ce faci aici?”	Martin a spus: „De ce mă urmărești?”	"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""	"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""
1.6	Nu știu cât de legitim este acest lucru, dar am auzit că are oarece tendințe sinucigașe.	Deci, nu știu cât de legitim este acest lucru, dar da.	I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
4.8	impozitul municipal Nu a fost înghețat impozitul municipal pentru majoritatea oamenilor?	Nu a fost înghețat impozitul municipal pentru majoritatea oamenilor?	council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
0.4	Umorul tău devine învechit.	Misoginismul tău devine deranjant.	Your schtick is getting stale.	Your misogyny is getting messy.
1.6	Așa funcționează?	Nu, nu așa funcționează.	Is that how it works?	Nah, that's not how it works.
4.4	Inspirați, expirați, continuați!	buwhahahaha Inspirați, expirați, continuați!	Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
3.8	așteptați până când devin mai consistente și dese.	așteptați ca contracțiile să devină mai puternice și dese.	wait until they become more consistent and closer together.	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
4.8	Obama este extremist de stânga.	Obama face parte din extrema stângă.	Obama is extreme and leftwing.	Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
2.5	@Frank Apisa, felul în care vrei să o numești depinde de tine.	@Cyracuz, felul în care vrei să o numești depinde de tine.	@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.	@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.
2.6	Verdictul contradictoriu nu are nicio legătură cu constituționalitatea legilor.	Verdictul contradictoriu înseamnă că o lege nu este constituțională?	Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
4.4	Despre ce condamnare vorbeai mai înainte?	Ce condamnare ar fi asta?	What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be?
4.6	Așa că am citit de fapt OP-ul și ghici ce am aflat.	Mai mult, am găsit asta: deci am citit OP-ul și ghici ce am aflat.	So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
3.6	Guvernul nu stabilește dacă sunteți căsătorit sau nu.	Guvernul nu trebuie să te declare căsătorit înainte de a putea fi căsătorit.	The government does not determine if you are married or not.	The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
1.8	Democrația este o amenințare la adresa libertății.	Democrația nu are nicio legătură cu libertatea.	Democracy is a threat to liberty.	Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
4.0	Bună Pro și Corn: Câte fire intenționezi să faci?	Câte fire intenționezi să faci?	Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?	How many threads do you plan on making?
4.0	Spune-mi exact ce sistem nu funcționează acum?	Deci, ce sistem nu funcționează?	Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?	So which system isn't working for us?
4.0	O, și afirmă din nou că căsătoria este un drept fundamental al omului.	Mai ales după ce a declarat că căsătoria este un drept fundamental al omului.	Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
4.2	De ce sunt rușii în Damasc?	Ruși în Damasc!	Why are Russians in Damascus?	Russians in Damascus!
1.8	Da, este vorba de diluare.	Er, nu așa funcționează diluarea.	Yes, it's about dilution.	Er, that's not how dilution works.
3.8	Da, nici eu nu cred că este atât de controversat.	Nu cred că ceea ce spune ea este atât de controversat.	Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.	I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
4.0	Operațiunea Haos este doar votul oamenilor.	Haosul este doar votul oamenilor.	Operation Chaos is merely people voting.	Chaos is merely people voting.
1.2	Postat inițial de JonD Doubtful.	Postat inițial de eleanor.ellis	Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
3.0	Gaz clasic Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Genericul din Cheers: Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
4.5	a repeta: nu sunt atât de suverani precum erau înainte.	Nu sunt atât de suverani precum erau înainte.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
2.0	Morala nu are absolut nimic de-a face cu asta!	iar morala și onestitatea au totul de-a face cu asta.	Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
3.0	Port conversații cu Cornell West Dragul meu frate.	Port conversații cu Cornell West Dragul meu frate Ce naiba este asta?	i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?
4.6	Nu există război în Orientul Mijlociu.	Nu există „RĂZBOI” în Orientul Mijlociu.	There is no war in the Middle east.	"There is no ""WAR"" in the middle east."
2.4	Nu intenționa să-l prindă.	Nu am spus că el intenționa să-l prindă.	He had no intention of apprehending him.	- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
3.6	Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Puneți puțină iubire în inima voastră. Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.4	Ești „o grămadă de celule”.	Sunt „o grămadă de celule”.	"You're ""a bunch of cells."""	"I'm ""a bunch of cells."""
1.4	Ce este un duș pentru fete?	Tu ești un duș pentru fete.	What is a girl douche?	You are a girl douche.
2.0	Verdictul contradictoriu înseamnă că o lege nu este constituțională?	Nu. Verdictul contradictoriu nu înseamnă că o lege este neconstituțională.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
4.0	Cu siguranță NU este ceea ce era.	votat Cu siguranță NU este ceea ce era.	It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
3.4	Sarcina de a convinge consumatorii că un produs este sigur îi revine producătorului.	Producătorul trebuie să convingă guvernul că este sigur.	The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
0.8	Cred că nu ai înțeles ideea în ceea ce privește antreprenorii.	Din nou, cred că nu ai înțeles ideea în ceea ce privește citatul din Twain.	I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.	Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
1.6	„Ciclopii nu există” - bine.	„Goblinii nu există” - bine.	Cyclopes don't exist - fine.	Goblins don't exist - fine.
1.6	"„În ea era o boală mintală, acum ce te învață ei?""”"	El a afirmat că a fost o boală mintală, cum este acest lucru bigotism?	In it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?	He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
1.8	Landon și deci acesta este Crăciunul. Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Joaca cu focul Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
1.8	Lui Bush nu i se recunosc meritele pentru bugetul din timpul mandatului său.	Și, lui Obama nu i se recunosc meritele pentru bugetul din timpul mandatului său.	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
1.8	Oamenii păcătoși nu ajung în Rai.	Sau păcatul este îndepărtat la intrarea în Rai.	. Sinful people do not get to heaven.	Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
3.0	La cât timp după exterminare, copilul ar trebui să se întoarcă la școală?	La cât timp după exterminare nu ar trebui să mai deranjeze copilul?	How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
3.8	Sfânt sfânt Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Spune ce vrei Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
1.2	Care a fost „răspunsul” la Chicago?	Care va fi reacția în California?	"What was the ""answer"" in Chicago?"	What will be the response in California?
4.2	Întreaga chestiune nu are nici un sens.	Vezi, chestia asta nu are nici un sens.	The entire thing just makes no sense.	See that makes no sense.
4.8	Cine se presupune că ar fi operat camerele cu gaz otrăvitor?	Reîmprospătați-vă memoria: Cine se presupune că ar fi operat camerele cu gaz otrăvitor?	Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
3.6	Prin urmare, explicația existenței universului este Dumnezeu.	Dacă există o explicație pentru existența universului, acea explicație este Dumnezeu.	Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
1.4	Predispoziția genetică pentru rezistența la cancer se datorează unei structuri genetice superioare.	Predispoziția genetică pentru Alzheimer se datorează unei structuri genetice inferioare.	Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.	Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
4.57142857142857	Realizezi lucrurile fără sens pe care le spui?	Și, ca să fiu sincer, realizezi lucrurile fără sens pe care le spui?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
1.2	Folosirea forței în apărarea persoanei.-A	Folosirea forței de către agresor.	Use of force in defense of person.-A	Use of force by aggressor.
3.6	Asta arată datele disponibile.	Asta arată consemnările istorice.	That's what the data available shows.	That's what the historical record shows.
3.0	Bucuria lumii Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Genericul din Cheers: Suntem cu toții ființe pline de minuni.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.6	Am crezut că în mare parte sunt doar olandezii.	De fapt, sunt doar olandezii.	I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch.
2.2	Am urmărit copiii jucându-se.	Îmi place să văd cum se joacă copiii.	Ive watched kids play.	I like watching kids play.
4.8	David @OmSigDAVID, cred că Santorum este mai predispus decât Gingrich.	@sozobe, cred că Santorum este mai predispus decât Gingrich.	David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
2.8	Se privesc unul pe altul!	De ce se uită unul la altul așa?!?!	They're looking at each other!	Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
2.6	Conduci unul?	Conduci un nenorocit de Volt?	Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?
1.4	Am o problemă cu religia care face asta.	Cu ateismul care nu face asta nu am o problemă.	Religion that does that I have a problem with.	Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
1.6	Cred că el ar fi mai bun pentru dobânzile americane în general.	Ar fi el mai bun pentru societatea americană?	I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.	Would he be better for American society?
4.4	nu e o problemă constituțională.	din nou, aceasta nu este o problemă constituțională.	not a constitutional issue.	again, this is not a constitutional issue.
4.2	nebunilor... ați crezut mușamalizarea... cârlig	Bună Eots: nebunilor... ați crezut mușamalizarea... cârlig	YOU FOOLS..bought the cover-up..hook..	Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the cover-up..hook..
1.6	„Ce face apăsarea numărului unu?”	„Apăsând numărul unu se seleactează engleza.”	What does pressing the number one do?	Pressing the number one does English.
4.4	Ce condamnare ar fi asta?	Despre ce condamnare vorbeai mai înainte?	What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before?
3.8	Postat inițial de spikdboy Nu sunt dorințe deșarte, ci mai degrabă realiste.	Postat inițial de objectivism Nu sunt dorințe deșarte, ci mai degrabă realiste.	Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
3.4	Pentru a nu știu câta oară, nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu funcționează.	Ideea pe care o citați ar trebui să spună „Nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu ar putea funcționa niciodată”.	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""
3.0	Charlie Rangel Cenzurat A văzut cineva filmarea?	A văzut cineva filmarea acestuia?	Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?	Did anyone see the footage of this?
2.0	Octombrie Roșu în repaus.	Vulpea Roșie în repaus.	Red October standing by.	Red Fox standing by.
3.2	Dar nu așa sunt scrise briefurile legale.	Nu așa funcționează raționamentul legal.	That's just not how legal briefs are written.	That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
3.0	Nu, niciunul dintre acești factori nu explică încălzirea recentă.	Nu știți dacă acești factori explică încălzirea sau nu.	No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.	You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.
3.4	Stone l-a anunțat pe căpitanul Lord.	Și el l-a anunțat pe căpitanul Lord.	Stone notified Captain Lord.	He too notified Captain Lord.
2.2	Obiectivul principal al Dialecticii Sistemice este sincronic, nu diacronic.	Astfel, Dialectica Meta-Sistematică este o dialectică Diachronico-Sincronică.	The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
2.6	Conduci unul?	Conduci un nenorocit de Volt?	Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt?
0.8	Și asta se întâmplă în statele controlate de GOP.	Michigan este un stat controlat de GOP.	And that is happening in GOP controlled states.	Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
4.2	în bazinul Foxe era înghețat.	Foxe era în mare parte înghețat.	in Foxe basin was frozen.	Foxe was mostly frozen.
4.2	@Frank Apisa, Frank, observ și percep.	@cicerone impostor, Frank, observ și percep.	@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.	@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.
1.2	Guvernul hotărând ce sarcini trebuie duse până la termen, asta este în regulă.	Guvernul spionându-și proprii cetățeni, asta e în regulă.	Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.	Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.
2.8	Puneți puțină iubire în inima voastră Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Landon Și Deci acesta este Crăciunul Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
1.0	Mai mare decât la sută, dar nu foarte mare.	Mai mic decât la sută, dar nu foarte scăzut.	Higher than per cent but not very high.	Lower than per cent but not very low.
1.6	Ce nu este cum s-a vândut?	Nu este cum a fost vândut, gb.	What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb.
2.6	Cu siguranță Dumnezeu nu există.	Probabil că Dumnezeu nu există.	God definately does not exist.	God probably does not exist.
4.4	Inspirați, expirați, continuați!	buwhahahaha Inspirați, expirați, continuați!	Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
2.0	Este un indicator excelent al schimbărilor climatice.	Cred că suntem cu toții de acord asupra naturii schimbării.	It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
1.8	Partea bună a locuitului aici este că există spațiu.	Partea proastă este că există spațiu.	The great thing about living here is there's space.	The bad thing is there's space.
4.5	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
3.8	Nu înțeleg cum va fi interzisă libertatea de exprimare.	Libertatea ta de exprimare nu va fi cu mult mai îngrădită decât este astăzi.	I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
3.2	Întrebarea trebuie pusă.	Este o întrebare la care trebuie să se răspundă.	The question needs to be asked.	It is a question that needs to be answered.
2.8	Tu pretinzi că prețuiești foarte mult viața.	Pretind că prețuiesc foarte mult viața.	You purport to value life very heavily.	I purport to value human life very highly.
1.8	Postările Infestării.	Postările țânțarilor.	The Infestation posts.	The mosquitoes posts.
4.6	Nu vreau un președinte căruia „să îi pase”.	nu vreau un președinte care să fie plin de compasiune.	i don't want a president who 'cares'.	don't want a president that is compassionate.
2.4	ai ceva care să o facă mai puțin convingătoare sau nu?	Ai ceva care să o facă mai convingătoare?	do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
3.4	Pentru a nu știu câta oară, nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu funcționează.	Ideea pe care o citați ar trebui să spună „Nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu ar putea funcționa niciodată”.	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""
2.4	Gaz clasic Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Time of the Season al celor de la Zombies Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
4.0	Peeve Deci suntem de acord că, în principiu, a intrat în cădere liberă?	Suntem de acord că, în principiu, a intrat în cădere liberă?	peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?	Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
1.0	Oamenii pro-viață nu vor ca o femeie să poată alege să facă avort.	Oamenii care sunt pentru posibilitatea alegerii nu încearcă să forțeze pe cineva să avorteze.	Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.	Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
3.4	Deci, răspunde la întrebare.	Nu mai evita întrebarea.	So answer the question.	Stop avoiding the question.
4.2	Haiti este o cloacă.	Haiti a fost o cloacă.	Haiti is a shithole.	Haiti has been a shithole.
1.2	Cred cu tărie că a existat un aisberg în acele ape.	Nu cred că a existat vreun aisberg prin apropierea Titanicului.	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
4.4	Fața francizei: partea cea mai proastă este că nici măcar nu este fan Leafs!	Partea cea mai proastă este că nici măcar nu este fan Leafs!	The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
4.0	Sunt complet de acord Sper că va intra într-un al doilea mandat.	Sper că va intra într-un al doilea mandat.	I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
0.4	Jake cu pasa de gol.	Voracek cu golul.	Jake with the assist.	Voracek with the goal.
3.2	Este posibil ca casa lui să fie afectată și școala nu?	Sigur, este posibil ca casa lui să fi fost afectată, însă școala nu.	Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?	Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.
4.2	Oamenii se treziseră.	Pentru că oamenii se treziseră.	The people had awakened.	Because the people had awakened.
4.0	Umm California a fost un vas cargo Nu-mi pasă ce spune articolul.	California a fost un vas cargo	Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.	The California was a cargo ship.
2.6	Umm, aceasta afirmă destul de clar, „statutul este presupus constituțional”.	Și până când vor decide asta, „statutul se presupune constituțional”.	"Umm, that pretty clearly states, ""the statute is presumed constitutional."""	"And until they decide that, ""the statute is presumed constitutional."""
3.4	Florida Ignoranța este a ta!	Ignoranța este a ta!	Florida The ignorance is yours!	The ignorance is yours!
1.6	Voi striga pentru a se face dreptate pentru Trayvon.	Oamenii care strigă în favoarea dreptății pentru Trayvon sunt cu toții ipocriți.	I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.	The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
2.2	De unde știi ce este bine și ce este rău?	De unde știi care poveste este cea corectă?	How do you know what's right and wrong?	How do you know which story is the right one?
5.0	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
0.6	Iar Nugent a fost un prost desăvârșit pentru că a spus ce a spus.	Natalie a fost o proastă desăvârșită pentru că și-a insultat fani.	And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.	Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.
1.2	Este numai vina lui Bush.	Obama este vina lui Bush.	It is all Bush's fault.	Obama is Bush's fault.
2.4	"Ar trebui să încetezi să începi sau să termini totul cu ""urăști evreii""."	Nu încep sau termin totul cu „urăști evreii”.	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	"I don't prefix or suffix everything with ""you hate Jews."""
2.4	N-am înțeles partea în care spunea că oamenii de culoare urmau să se revolte.	Niciodată nu am spus că oamenii de culoare urmau să se revolte.	I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
2.0	Cu toate acestea, nu ar fi trebuit să o declarați.	Și nu trebuia.	Yet you didn't have to declare it.	And you didn't have to.
4.6	Proverbe Ioan Botezătorul s-a născut nazarinean.	Ioan Botezătorul s-a născut nazarinean.	Proverbs John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
2.2	Iacov: spune că credința fără fapte este moartă.	Pavel nu a predicat credința fără fapte.	James : says faith without works is dead.	Paul did not preach faith without works.
1.53333333333333	miliard. Toată lumea la nivelul actual de prosperitate al Mexicului.	Toată lumea la nivelul actual de „prosperitate” din nord-vestul Africii.	billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
4.6	și videoclipurile datelor seismice nu echivalează cu durata colapsului.	Datele seismice nu echivalează cu durata colapsului.	and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
2.2	Postat inițial de Lone Fox Ați spus asta de mai multe ori.	Postat inițial de Lone Fox Și nici nu este vorba despre iranieni.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
2.6	S-ar putea să nu îți placă opiniile lui Obama, dar sunt ale lui.	S-ar putea să nu-ți placă pozițiile pe care le ocupă, dar cel puțin le are.	You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
3.0	Dar chiar crezi că a existat un aisberg în acele ape?	Cred cu tărie că a existat un aisberg în acele ape.	But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
1.4	Pur și simplu nu există șanse de câștig pentru Obama în rândul conservatorilor.	Aceasta este o acuzație serioasă venită din partea unui conservator.	There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.	This is rich coming from a conservative.
1.6	Satana reprezintă îngăduință în loc de abstinență!	. Satana reprezintă răzbunare în loc de întoarcerea celuilalt obraz!	Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!	. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
3.8	Atâta timp cât se plătește impozitul pe acea vânzare.	Atâta timp cât se plătește impozitul.	Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.	Just so long as the tax is paid.
1.2	fix?: Islamul în sine nu este politic.	Islamul a fost întotdeauna politic.	fix?: Islam itself is not political.	Islam has always been political.
4.0	Martie este, de asemenea, data răscoalei din CHINA.	Postat inițial de Vitchilo martie este, de asemenea, data răscoalei din CHINA.	March is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	Originally posted by Vitchilo March is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
5.0	Sper că totul este în regulă!	Sper că totul este în regulă.	I hope everything is OK!	I hope everything is okay.
3.2	Înțelegi de ce este absurd să limitezi întrebarea la rezidenții Statelor Unite ale Americii?	Înțelegi de ce cei care nu sunt rezidenții ai Statelor Unite ale Americii sunt de asemenea relevanți pentru statistici?	Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?	Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
4.0	Am văzut OZN-uri peste Varșovia în trecut.	Submis cu respect, Steve Am văzut OZN-uri peste Varșovia în trecut.	I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
4.6	depinde ce acțiune le continuă agenda lor neserioasă din acest moment.	in funție de ce acțiune le continuă agenda lor neserioasă / depinde ce acțiune le continuă planurile neserioase	depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.	depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
3.8	Sunteți de acord că nu am făcut nicio revendicare?	Astfel încât să admiteți și să verificați că nu am făcut nici o revendicare.	Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
2.4	Zimmerman spune că a fost un lovit prin surprindere de mașina sa.	„Prietenii” săi spun că s-a confruntat cu mașina sa.	Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.	"His ""friends"" say that he was confronted by his car."
4.6	Nu există „RĂZBOI” în Orientul Mijlociu.	Nu există război în Orientul Mijlociu.	"There is no ""WAR"" in the middle east."	There is no war in the Middle east.
3.8	"O parte din ""pro-viață"" este opoziția față de legalizarea avortului."	Pro-viață se referă, de asemenea, la „opoziția față de avort”.	Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	"Pro-life also refers to just ""opposition to abortion""."
2.8	Câștiguri de capital, rata maximă: procent.	Venit, rata maximă: procent.	Capital gains, top rate: percent.	- Income, top rate: percent.
2.8	Time of the Season al celor de la Zombies Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Genericul din Cheers: Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
4.0	Nu, îți arăt că ești ignorant în mod deliberat.	LOL, ești atât de ignorant.	No, I show you are willfully ignorant.	LOL, you are so ignorant.
3.0	Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Jingle Bell Rock de Bobby Helm Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.46666666666667	problema nu este cine are bani.	problema este cine nu are bani.	the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
2.8	Din păcate, Ford a acceptat banii contribuabililor.	Ford nu a acceptat banii contribuabililor pentru a salva compania.	Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.	Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
1.0	Musulmanii ar spune același lucru despre Coran.	Hindușii ar spune același lucru despre Bhagavad Ghita.	The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.	The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
3.8	Confuzia ta nu mă face mincinos	Atunci nici confuzia ta nu mă face mincinos.	Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.	Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
1.6	Când creștinii sunt extremiști, este pur și simplu religie.	Când musulmanii sunt extremiști, este terorism.	When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.	When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.
1.2	Unii cred că „dreptul” este cel mai important.	Unii cred că să nu ucizi fetusul este cel mai mai important lucru.	Some believe the 'right' is most important.	Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
1.6	Evoluția nu este o opinie, nu este o credință.	Teoria atomică nu este o opinie, nu este o credință.	Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
2.8	Nu eu sunt cel care pretinde dreptul de a decide asupra corpului altei femei.	Vrei ca alții să ia decizii în privința corpului unei femei.	I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.	You want others to decide over a woman body.
0.8	Unde naiba este Ron Paul?	Unde naiba este MEDIA	Where in the world is Ron Paul?	Where in the world is the MEDIA??
2.4	nu există rămășițe de rachetă la pentagon.	nu există rămășițe de A- la pentagon.	you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
3.4	Ideea pe care o citați ar trebui să spună „Nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu ar putea funcționa niciodată”.	Pentru a nu știu câta oară, nu am spus niciodată că reabilitarea nu funcționează.	"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
1.53333333333333	miliard . Toată lumea la nivelul actual de prosperitate al Mexicului.	Toată lumea la nivelul actual de „prosperitate” din nord-vestul Africii.	billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
3.8	părul meu este frumos totuși :/ Citat: Idem.	părul meu este frumos totuși :/ ups	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
1.2	Nu ar opri căsătoriile în glumă.	Și nu lupt pentru căsătorie.	It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage.
1.6	Pari să crezi că oamenii săraci nu sunt responsabili pentru acțiunile lor.	Oamenii sunt responsabili pentru acțiunile lor.	You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	People are responsible for their actions.
2.4	De ce a avut loc acea tranzacție.	A avut loc tranzacția?	Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place?
0.0	Este vorba despre bagajul atașat.	Nu este același lucru.	It's about the baggage attached.	It's not the same thing.
3.6	Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Pune puțină iubire în inima ta Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni	We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
2.46666666666667	problema nu este cine are bani.	problema este cine nu are bani.	the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money.
1.6	Ce te face să crezi că bufnița nu a participat?	Nu spune că nu a participat.	What makes you think the owl didn't participate?	It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
1.8	lol Aștept cu nerăbdare să-ți văd mobila incorporată!	Aștept cu nerăbdare să o văd!	lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!	Look forward to seeing it!
1.2	Postat inițial de jacko!	Postat inițial de IZZY!	Originally Posted by jacko!	Originally Posted by IZZY!
4.8	Mulțumesc Candy pentru că ai început firul.	Candy - iți mulțumim pentru că ne-ai dat startul azi.	Thanks Candy for starting the thread.	Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
1.0	Cu excepția faptului că nu a fost.	Cu excepția faptului că nu au putut.	Except that it wasn't.	Except that they couldn't.
2.2	Dacă îți datorez, dolari, am o problemă.	Dacă îți datorez un trilion de dolari, ai o problemă.	If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
4.8	Dacă nu sunt furnizate dovezi pentru a susține o poziție; atunci ar trebui respinsă.	Dacă o poziție nu este verificabilă; atunci ar trebui respinsă.	If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.	If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
1.4	Toți ceilalți la nivelul actual de prosperitate din Mexic.	Toată lumea la nivelul actual de „prosperitate” din nord-vestul Africii.	Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.	"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
1.8	Lui Bush nu i se recunosc meritele pentru bugetul din timpul mandatului său.	Și lui Obama nu i se recunosc meritele pentru bugetul din timpul mandatului său.	Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
0.8	LOL Nu trebuie să dai un test pentru a conduce un vehicul în SUA?	Există vreun test pentru a deține o armă de foc în SUA?	LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?	Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?
3.2	Amândoi am considerat că filmul este bun și că nu cauzează deloc confuzie.	Mi s-a părut bun, și nu l-am găsit derutant.	We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.	I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.
5.0	Dacă Dumnezeu nu există, poate fi ceva greșit din punct de vedere moral?	Întreb din nou dacă Dumnezeu nu există, poate fi ceva greșit din punct de vedere moral?	If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
3.6	O lege este constituțională dacă nu intră în conflict cu Constituția.	A fi neconstituțional înseamnă a încălca constituția.	A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.	To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
1.2	Postat inițial de o fată musulmană ups, îmi pare rău!	Postat inițial de o fată musulmană nu este o imposibilitate totală.	Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!	Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
1.4	Aceasta nu este țara ta.	Aceasta este țara noastră.	This is not your country.	This is our country.
1.0	Postat inițial de zaf Presupun că apa din mijloc face diferența.	Postat inițial de zaf pe termen lung, da.	Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.	Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.
4.2	Cone a aruncat un joc.	Addie Joss Cone a aruncat un joc.	Cone threw an game.	Addie Joss Cone threw an game.
4.8	Editat de LashL: Editat pentru a masca corespunzător blasfemia.	Editat de LashL: Editat pentru a masca corespunzător blasfemia in postarea citată.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
1.6	Juriului nu i se spune despre anularea juratului.	Citatul pe care îl furnizați nu are nicio legătură cu verdictul contradictoriu.	The jury is not told about juror nullification.	The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.
1.0	victimă lovită de mașină/ lovește victima cu mașina Ai vreo dovadă?	paranoic Ai vreo dovadă?	runs victim down Got any proof?	paranoid Got any proof?
4.2	nu folosești prea des butonul de căutare, nu-i așa?	nu folosești deloc butonul de căutare, nu-i așa?	you don't use the search button much, do you?	you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
3.6	Nu cred că Paul are vreo șansă.	Paul nu are nicio șansă.	I don't think Paul has a shot.	Paul doesn't have a shot.
3.2	Time of the Season al celor de la Zombies Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Fericire lumii Suntem cu toții ființe pline de multe minuni.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
4.57142857142857	Realizezi lucrurile fără sens pe care le spui?	Și, ca să fiu sincer, realizezi lucrurile fără sens pe care le spui?	Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
1.0	Ce se întâmplă dacă au greșit un studiu?	Și dacă au o prejudecată personală?	What if they messed up a study?	What if they had a personal bias?
1.2	Mai exact un baptist.	Mai exact gnostic.	Specifically a Baptist.	Specifically Gnostic.
0.8	Și o mare parte a coastei de est.	Și părți ale coastei de vest.	And a large part of the east coast.	And parts of the west coast.
1.4	De ce vorbești despre femeile din cadrul triburilor evreiești?	Vorbeam despre femei ca o recompensă de război, nu-i așa?	Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?	We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
2.6	Aseară forțele de ordine japoneze au atacat Hong Kongul.	Aseară forțele de ordine japoneze au atacat Insulele Filipine.	Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.	Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
3.6	. Care este definiția ta pentru „forța vitală”?	Care este definiția ta pentru „suflet”?	". What is your definition of ""life force""?"	"What is your definition of ""soul""?"
2.6	Aceasta nu este o responsabilitate directă față de electori.	Da, dar sunt responsabili față de electorii lor.	That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.	Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
4.0	Ideologia a fost construită în jurul expansiunii violente, deci da - expansiunea VIOLENTĂ.	Ideologia a fost construită în jurul expansiunii violente și a superiorității rasei.	The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.	The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
4.6	Ar fi putut fi vorba de o clismă?	@ossobuco, Ar fi putut fi o clismă?	Could this have been an enema?	@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
0.4	ultimul meu cuvânt: ignorarea are ca efect normalizarea.	a profita are ca efect consolidarea.	my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.	taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
4.4	Problema va însemna probabil măsuri corective înainte ca flota de navete să înceapă să zboare din nou.	El a spus că problema trebuie remediată înainte ca flota de navete spațiale să fie autorizată pentru a zbura din nou.	The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
3.4	Președintele SEC, William Donaldson, a declarat că există o „consolidare a încrederii că polițistul este la datorie”.	Cred că există o consolidare a încrederii că polițistul este la datorie.	"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""	I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
4.6	Liderul pro-democrație din Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi, se va întoarce acasă vineri seara, dar va rămâne în arest după ce își va reveni după operația de la un spital din Yangon, a spus medicul ei personal.	Liderul pro-democrație din Myanmar, Aung San Suu Kyi, va fi ținută sub arest la domiciliu după ce a fost externată dintr-un spital unde a fost operată, a declarat vineri medicul ei personal.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
1.4	Darren Dopp, un purtător de cuvânt al Spitzer, a refuzat să comenteze joi seara.	John Heine, purtător de cuvânt al comisiei de la Washington, a refuzat să comenteze criticile dlui Spitzer.	Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
2.0	În tranzacțiile de după-amiază din Europa, CAC-40 din Franța a avansat și FTSE 100 din Marea Britanie au câștigat fiecare 0,7 la sută, în timp ce indicele DAX al Germaniei a crescut cu 0,6 la sută.	În Europa, CAC-40 din Franța a crescut cu 1,3%, FTSE 100 din Marea Britanie a scăzut cu 0,2%, iar indicele DAX al Germaniei a dobândit 0,6%.	In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
3.6	Senatorii John Kerry și Bob Graham au refuzat invitațiile de a vorbi.	Cei care nu s-au prezentat au fost senatorii John Kerry din Massachusetts și Bob Graham din Florida.	Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
4.4	Page a spus că este posibil, de asemenea, ca genele cromozomului Y să influențeze diferențele specifice genului în susceptibilitatea bolilor.	El a adăugat că genele de pe Y ar putea juca un rol în influențarea diferențelor specifice genului în susceptibilitatea bolilor.	Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
4.8	Una dintre cele mai bine studiate aspecte ale temperamentului este modul în care oamenii răspund la noutate.	Una dintre caracteristicile definitorii și bine studiate ale temperamentului este modul în care oamenii reacționează la noutate.	One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
4.6	Dar fluturii expuși unui ciclu de lumină anterior, de la 1am la 1pm, s-au orientat spre sud-est.	Dar fluturii adăpostiți într-un ciclu de lumină anterior, între orele 01:00 și 13:00, au zburat spre sud-est.	But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
2.8	Dunlap a câștigat atât concursul de costume de baie, cât și secțiunea de talente a competiției, cântând „Dacă aș putea”.	Ea a câștigat la secțiunea de talente cântând „Dacă aș putea” și a câștigat și la secțiunea îmbrăcămintea de seară.	"Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing ""If I Could."""	"She won the talent portion singing ""If I Could"" and also won in evening wear."
4.0	Urmează Asia de Sud, cu 1,1 milioane de tineri infectați - 62% dintre aceștia fiind femei.	Din 1,1 milioane de persoane infectate în Asia de Sud, 62% sunt femei.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
4.25	O oră mai târziu, un elicopter israelian a tras cu rachete asupra unei mașini din orașul Gaza, ucigând doi oficiali din Hamas și cel puțin alte cinci persoane.	O oră mai târziu, elicopterele israeliene de atac au tras cu rachete asupra unei mașini din orașul Gaza, ucigând șapte persoane, au spus surse palestiniene.	An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
5.0	Purtătorul de cuvânt al AAA, Jerry Cheske, a declarat că este posibil ca prețurile să fi afectat unele planuri, dar ofertele ieftine de la hoteluri au atenuat efectul.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al AAA, Jerry Cheske, a declarat că prețurile ar fi putut afecta unele planuri, dar ofertele ieftine de la hoteluri au compensat acest lucru.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
3.5	Ea a dat in judecată din nou pentru 125 de milioane de dolari, spunând că Gruner & Jahr și-a încălcat contractul cu ea eliminând-o din principalele deciziile editoriale .	Ea a a dat in judecată din nou pentru 125 de milioane de dolari, spunând că G + J și-a încălcat contractul cu ea, eliminând-o din principalele decizii editoriale și manipulând datele financiare ale revistei.	She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
2.5	Ediția standard este de 15.000 USD per procesor sau de 300 USD per utilizator desemnat.	Standard Edition One este o versiune cu un singur procesor a bazei de date Oracle Standard Edition.	The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
4.4	Microsoft a achiziționat Virtual PC când a cumpărat activele Connectix la începutul acestui an.	Microsoft a achiziționat Virtual PC de la dezvoltatorul său, Connectix, la începutul acestui an.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
3.4	Corpul lui Leon Williams a fost găsit în interiorul apartamentului său de la etajul al treilea de pe strada 196 Bay, din Tompkinsville.	Decedatul, Leon Williams, a fost găsit în apartamentul său de la etajul trei.	Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
4.0	Este primul astfel de exercițiu de la atacurile teroriste din 11 septembrie asupra New York-ului și Washington-ului.	Este primul exercițiu de combatere a terorismului la nivel național de la atacurile teroriste din 11 septembrie.	It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
4.8	Ursel Reisen a confirmat că a condus autocarul, dar nu a oferit alte detalii în afară de faptul că pasagerii au fost de vârste diferite.	Ursel Reisen a confirmat că a condus autocarul, dar a refuzat să ofere detalii despre pasageri în afară de faptul că erau de vârste diferite.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
3.6	Un total de 17 cazuri au fost confirmate în sudul orașului Basra, a declarat organizația.	Un total de 17 cazuri confirmate de holeră au fost raportate ieri de Organizația Mondială a Sănătății în orașul Basra din sudul Irakului.	A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
3.4	De asemenea, era de așteptat ca el să viziteze Yemen și Bahrain în timpul turneului său în regiune.	Khatami, care a sosit luni la Beirut, urma să viziteze Siria, Yemenul și Bahrainul.	He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
3.6	Generalul Myers le-a spus reporterilor că „la prima vedere, pare că regulile nu au fost încălcate”.	La prima vedere, nu pare că regulile au fost încălcate, a spus generalul Richard Myers, președintele șefilor de stat major.	"General Myers told reporters that ""at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken""."	At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
3.4	Dovedind că sacrificiul fiului lui Millville nu va rămâne necunoscut, primarul James Quinn a ordonat arborarea tuturor steagurilor orașului în bernă pentru următoarele 30 de zile.	Ieri, la Millville, primarul James Quinn a ordonat arborarea tuturor steagurilor orașului în bernă pentru următoarele 30 de zile.	Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
4.25	Tom Kraynak, manager de operațiuni și resurse pentru Consiliul de fiabilitate a zonei centrale din Est, cu sediul în Canton, Ohio, a declarat că scenariul este unul dintre multele pe care anchetatorii le iau în considerare.	Tom Kraynak, manager de operațiuni și resurse pentru Consiliul de fiabilitate a zonei centrale din Est, cu sediul în Canton, Ohio, a declarat că anchetatorii iau în calcul scenariul.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
4.25	Ei au descoperit molecule care pot fi produse doar când ozonul descompune colesterolul.	Și toate probele conțineau molecule care pot fi produse doar când colesterolul interacționează cu ozonul.	They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
3.846	Poate stoca mai mult de un gigabyte de informații echivalent cu aproximativ 12 ore de muzică într-un centimetru cub.	Și poate stoca mai mult de un gigabyte de informații - echivalent cu 1.000 de imagini de înaltă calitate sau aproximativ 12 ore de muzică - într-un singur centimetru cub.	It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.	And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
1.2	La începutul acestei luni, RIM spusese că se aștepta să raporteze câștigurile din al doilea trimestru între 7 și 11 cenți pe acțiune.	Excluzând taxele legale și alte taxe, se aștepta la o pierdere între 1 și 4 cenți pe acțiune.	Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
3.2	„Pentru mine, încurcătura Lewinsky părea doar un alt scandal vicios produs de oponenții politici”, potrivit extraselor publicate ieri.	„Pentru mine, încurcătura Lewinsky mi s-a părut doar un alt scandal vicios produs de adversarii politici”, scrie doamna Clinton.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
3.8	În 2001 și 2002, transferurile bancare din 4 din cele 40 de conturi ale companiei au totalizat mai mult de 3,2 miliarde de dolari, au spus procurorii.	Transferurile bancare din patru dintre cele 40 de conturi deschise la Beacon Hill au totalizat peste 3,2 miliarde de dolari în perioada 2001-2002, a spus Morgenthau.	In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
3.2	Universitatea Stony Brook a lansat studiul în 1996, după ce studii anterioare au indicat o posibilă legătură între câmpurile electromagnetice și cancer.	Universitatea de Stat din Stony Brook a lansat studiul în 1996, după ce studii anterioare au indicat o posibilă legătură.	Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
4.0	Anterior, ei sfidaseră un ordin al poliției și strigaseră „Allahu Akbar” (Dumnezeu este cel mai mare) în timp ce Bashir se îndrepta spre locul său în sala de judecată bine păzită.	Anterior, susținătorii lui Bashir sfidaseră un ordin al poliției și strigaseră „Allahu Akbar (Dumnezeu este cel mai mare)” în timp ce el se îndrepta spre locul său.	"Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar"" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom."	"Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)"" as he walked to his seat."
3.333	Purtătorul de cuvânt al Metropolitan Ambulance, James Howe, a declarat că cinci persoane au fost duse la spital și trei au fost tratate la fața locului după incidentul de ieri.	Purtătorul de cuvânt James Howe a spus că cinci copii cu vârste cuprinse între 4 și 17 ani au fost duși la spital cu răni la gât și piept, în timp ce alți trei au fost tratați la fața locului.	Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
2.0	Dar este clar că Comitetul Comun de Informații nu a fost implicat.	Acest raport a fost aprobat de Comitetul Comun de Informații.	But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
2.6	Aproximativ 22% dintre cei de douăzeci și ceva de ani sunt obezi, ceea ce este cu aproximativ 30 de kilograme peste o greutate sănătoasă.	Aproximativ 31% dintre americani sunt acum obezi - cu aproximativ 30 sau mai multe kilograme peste o greutate sănătoasă.	About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
3.0	Coupling, o versiune americană a unei comedii britanice de succes, va primi valorosul interval de timp joi, 9:30 p.m.	Coupling, o versiune americană a unei comedii britanice de succes, va fi cuplat cu Friends joia.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
2.6	Cadavrul ei a fost găsit câteva săptămâni mai târziu în râul Green.	15 august 1982: Rămășițele lui Chapman, Hinds și Mills sunt găsite în râul Green.	Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
2.8	„Luptele au continuat până la miezul nopții”, a declarat duminică comandantul rebel occidental Ousmane Coulibaly pentru Reuters.	„Au jefuit și au ars complet cele două sate”, a declarat comandantul rebel Ousmane Coulibaly pentru Reuters la telefon prin satelit.	Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
3.0	Lectura pentru august și iulie este cea mai bine văzută de când a început sondajul în august 1997.	Este cea mai mare lectură de când a fost creat indexul în august 1997.	The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
3.2	Trupele Forțelor Speciale SUA pregătesc soldații columbieni de la bazele militare din regiune pentru a proteja conducta, care transportă țiței din cel de-al doilea cel mai mare câmp petrolier din Columbia.	Trupele Forțelor Speciale SUA pregătesc soldații columbieni de la bazele militare din regiune pentru a proteja conducta.	US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
2.6	Avem nevoie de o plată certificată, pe măsură ce te orientezi pe buget, până la jumătatea lunii iulie sau școlile nu se vor deschide în septembrie, a spus Strayhorn.	Parlamentarii din Texas trebuie să reducă un deficit bugetar de 185,9 milioane de dolari până la mijlocul lunii iulie sau școlile nu se vor deschide în septembrie, a declarat joi controlorul Carole Keeton Strayhorn.	We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
2.5	Acțiunile Hartford au crescut cu 2,88 dolari la 46,50 dolari la tranzacționarea compusă a Bursei de Valori din New York.	Acțiunile Hartford au crescut cu 2,28 dolari, sau cu 5,2 la sută, până la 45,90 dolari în tranzacționarea de la mijlocul zilei.	Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
4.5	DVD-CCA a făcut apoi apel la Curtea Supremă de stat.	DVD CCA a făcut apel la această decizie la Curtea Supremă a SUA.	The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
3.25	Postul de muzică country KKCS a suspendat doi disc jockeys pentru că au difuzat piese ale formației Dixie Chicks, încălcând interdicția impusă de post privind difuzarea timp de două luni a muzicii grupului după ce un membru al trupei l-a criticat pe președintele George Bush.	Un post de radio a suspendat doi disc jockeys pentru că s-au închis în studio și au difuzat continuu piese ale formației Dixie Chicks, încălcând interdicția impusă de post privind difuzarea timp de două luni a muzicii grupului.	Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
4.0	Acțiunile Sovereign au pierdut 74 de cenți, sau 4,5%, până la 15,68 dolari.	Acțiunile Sovereign au închis la bursa din New York la 15,68 dolari, în scădere cu 74 de cenți sau 4,5 la sută.	Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
2.2	Acțiunile Aspen Technology au scăzut cu 74 de cenți, sau 23 la sută, pentru a închide la 2,48 dolari pe Nasdaq.	În tranzacționarea de după-amiază, acțiunile Aspen au scăzut cu 89 de cenți sau mai mult de 27%, la 2,33 USD pe acțiune.	Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
2.8	Noua lege impune bibliotecilor și școlilor să folosească filtre sau vor pierde finanțarea federală.	Hotărârea 6-3 restabilește o lege care spune bibliotecilor să instaleze filtre sau vor restitui banii federali.	The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
3.6	În plus, a oferit Statelor Unite și Israelului o modalitate de a colabora cu domnul Arafat.	Când poziția primului ministru a fost stabilită în primăvară, aceasta a oferit Statelor Unite și Israelului o modalitate de a colabora cu Arafat.	In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
2.6	"Și da, Marilyn Monroe face cu siguranță parte din povestea intitulată ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""	Rețineți titlul acestei teribile parabole din seria „American Masters”, „Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin”.	"And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""	"Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the ""American Masters"" series, ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
3.8	Polițiștii din Gilroy și agenții FBI l-au descris pe Gehring drept cooperant, dar au declarat sâmbătă că nu a dezvăluit nimic despre ce li s-a întâmplat copiilor.	Sâmbătă, oficialii din California l-au descris pe Gehring drept cooperant - dar au spus că nu a dezvăluit nimic despre ce li s-a întâmplat copiilor.	Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
3.2	Cadavrul lui Scribner a fost găsit plutind în Portage Bay, unde locuia împreună cu soția sa într-o barcă.	Un kayaker a găsit cadavrul doctorului Scribner plutind în apropierea bărcii în care locuia din Portage Bay, unde mânca prânzul, când soția sa, Ethel, a plecat la o întâlnire.	Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
5.0	După ce protestatarii s-au repezit pe scenă și au tăiat de două ori alimentarea de la microfon, Hedges a încheiat mai devreme discursul.	După ce protestatarii s-au repezit și au tăiat de două ori curentul de la microfon, Hedges și-a scurtat discursul.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
4.0	Un trecător l-a găsit pe Ben ascunzându-se de-a lungul unui drum de pământ în Spanish Fork Canvon, în jurul orei 7 p.m., cu mâinile încă legate, dar picioarele libere.	Un trecător a găsit băiatul de-a lungul unui drum de pământ în Spanish Fork Canvon, în jurul orei 7 p.m., joi, cu picioarele libere, dar mâinile încă lipite.	A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
5.0	Doctorii spun că unul sau ambii băieți au șanse să moară și sunt posibile câteva leziuni pe creier, dacă supraviețuiesc.	Doctorii au spus că unul sau ambii băieți au șanse să moară, iar dacă supraviețuiesc sunt posibile câteva leziuni pe creier.	Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
2.2	De asemenea, lipsește Al Larsen, 31 de ani, din Fort Worth, Texas, care se afla într-un alt vehicul, luat de pe autostradă.	Cealaltă victimă recuperată marți dimineață a fost Al Larsen, 31 de ani, din Fort Worth, Texas.	Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
4.2	GlaxoSmithKline Plc, cu sediul în Marea Britanie, a declarat la începutul acestui an că va întrerupe aprovizionarea farmaciilor canadiene care livrează către Statele Unite.	GlaxoSmithKline, producătorul de medicamente din Marea Britanie, a declarat că va întrerupe aprovizionarea magazinelor canadiene care transportă medicamente către SUA.	British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
2.818	Festivalul a început ieri, la o zi după ce Comisia Competiției a emis verdictul final Guvernului cu privire la fuziunea propusă de 4,1 miliarde de lire sterline.	Comisia Competiției și-a dat verdictul ieri cu privire la fuziunea propusă a celor doi mari jucători ITV, Carlton și Granada.	The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
3.875	Ea a spus că el a persistat și, în cele din urmă, i-a permis să-i repare bicicleta în timp ce ea stătea pe scaunul din fața al mașinii lui.	Ea a spus că în cele din urmă i-a permis să-i repare bicicleta în timp ce stătea în mașina lui și au vorbit.	She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
4.4	Daniels a spus că nu știe ce va avea de spus Bush despre el la strângerea de fonduri prezidențiale de 2.000 de dolari pe persoană.	Daniels a spus că nu știe ce va spune Bush la recepția de 2.000 de dolari pe persoană din această seară pentru a strânge fonduri pentru candidatura sa la alegerile prezidențiale.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
2.8	Un grup de trei judecători al Curții de Apel a 11-a Circuit SUA a decis vineri târziu că dimensiunea redusă, utilizarea limitată și scopul secular fac imaginea legitimă.	Un comitet format din trei judecători ai celei de-a 8-a Curte de Apel a Circuitului SUA din St. Louis a anulat o hotărâre emisă anul trecut care susținea ordonanța.	A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
3.8	Doar 29 de familii de broaște sunt cunoscute și majoritatea au fost identificate și descrise la mijlocul anilor 1800 și ultima în 1926.	Sunt cunoscute doar 29 de familii de broaște, dintre care majoritatea au fost numite până la mijlocul anilor 1800.	Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
4.4	Oficialii de la Brandeis au spus că acesta a fost un moment „extrem de tragic” pentru campus.	„Acesta este un moment extrem de tragic pentru întreaga comunitate a Universității Brandeis.	"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
5.0	Valoarea va fi în total de aproximativ 124 de milioane de dolari, inclusiv titluri convertibile, potrivit Corel.	Inclusiv titluri convertibile, valoarea totală estimată a tranzacției este de 124 milioane USD, potrivit Corel.	The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
3.0	A început în Super Bowl din 1983, pe care Miami l-a pierdut cu 27-17 în fața Washingtonului.	A jucat patru sezoane la Miami, inclusiv pierderea lui Dolphins cu 27-17 în fața Washingtonului în Super Bowl.	He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
2.667	Serviciile Enterprise Linux sunt așteptate să fie disponibile înainte de sfârșitul acestui an.	Se așteaptă ca versiuni beta ale serviciilor Linux Nterprise să fie disponibile pe anumite servere HP ProLiant în luna iulie.	Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
2.333	Cu excepția articolelor unice, compania s-a bucurat de un profit de 6 cenți pe acțiune.	Cu excepția articolelor unice, se așteaptă la un profit de 11 cenți la 15 cenți pe acțiune.	Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
3.0	„Dar pun la îndoială motivele unui președinte birocrat care își asumă rolul unui războinic în scopul unui discurs”.	Byrd, vorbind de la Senat, a afirmat că a pus sub semnul întrebării „motivele unui președinte birocrat care își asumă rolul unui războinic în scopul unui discurs”.	But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.	"Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned ""the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""
1.333	Indicele mai mare Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a scăzut cu 3 puncte, sau 0,30 la sută, la 995.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq <.IXIC>, legat de tehnologie, a adăugat 1,92 puncte, sau 0,12 la sută, ajungând la 1.647,94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
3.8	În schimb, biletele pentru meciul de baschetbal din Jersey au fost vândute aseară prin Ticketmaster.	Biletele, disponibile prin Ticketmaster, au fost puse în vânzare ieri.	Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
3.4	Mai devreme în ziua de luni, Grant Thornton SpA a repetat declarațiile anterioare că a fost „victima unei acțiuni frauduloase”.	Grant Thornton susține că și ea a fost „victima” unei fraude.	"Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was ""a victim of fraudulent action""."	Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
2.0	Peter Lyman și Hal Varian de la Berkeley School of Information Management and Systems spun că producția de informații a crescut cu 30% în fiecare an între 1999 și 2002.	Această sarcină a părut interesantă pentru cei doi maeștrii ai megabyte-ului, Peter Lyman și Hal Varian, profesori la Universitatea din California - Școala de management și sisteme a informațiilor din Berkeley.	Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
3.4	„Opinia mea este că 95% din aceste informații ar trebui să fie declasificate, să devină necenzurate, astfel încât poporul american să știe”.	"Opinia mea este că 95 la sută din aceste informații ar putea fi desclasificate, să devină necenzurate, astfel încât poporul american să știe "", a spus domnul Shelby în cadrul emisiunii"" Meet the Press ""de la NBC."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	"My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know,"" Mr. Shelby said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."""
4.0	Cercetătorii au găsit doar cavități goale și țesut cicatricial acolo unde fuseseră tumorile.	Nu s-au detectat tumori; mai degrabă, au fost găsite în locul lor cavități goale și țesut cicatricial.	The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
2.8	Cu toate acestea, Washington a declarat că sunt necesare mai multe pentru a preveni depunerea plângerilor.	Dar SUA au insistat că vor să se facă mai multe pentru a preveni depunerea plângerilor, de preferință prin abrogarea întregii legi.	Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
3.2	După 26 de ore de operație și un an de anticipare, băieții au fost separați duminică la Centrul Medical pentru Copii din Dallas.	Băieții gemeni egipteni de doi ani, născuți cu capul alipit, au fost separați după 26 de ore de operație la Centrul Medical pentru Copii din Dallas.	After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
3.6	Pines a spus că va convoca organele de partid relevante în termen de 10 zile pentru a discuta dacă vor avea loc noi alegeri sau dacă va fi numit un lider temporar.	Mitzna și secretarul de partid Ophir Pines au căzut de acord să convoace întâlniri de partid în termen de 10 zile pentru a discuta dacă vor fi organizate noi alegeri primare sau dacă va fi numit un lider temporar.	Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
3.6	Euro a crescut la 1,1914 USD în tranzacționarea din Asia, înainte de a scădea ușor înapoi la 1,1895 USD, când tranzacționarea s-a deschis în Europa.	Euro a crescut la 1, 1914 dolari în comerțul din Asia, înainte de a se întoarce la 1, 1884 dolari în comerțul târziu european, de la 1 1857, târziu în ziua de luni.	The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
4.2	Abbas a declarat summitului că va încheia „intefadeh armată”, va condamna „terorismul împotriva israelienilor de oriunde se află” și a făcut aluzie la dezarmarea militanților.	La summitul de miercuri, Abbas a promis că va încheia „intefadeh armată”, a condamnat „terorismul împotriva israelienilor de oriunde se află” și a făcut aluzie la dezarmarea militanților.	"Abbas told the summit he would end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."	"At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
3.25	Comandantul Rod Gibbons, un purtător de cuvânt al academiei, a spus: „Academia este șocată și întristată.”	Purtătorul de cuvânt al Academiei Navale, comandantul Rod Gibbons a spus: „Anunțul de astăzi a fost o surpriză.”	"Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, ""The academy is shocked and saddened."	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
2.75	Acțiunile LendingTrees au crescut cu 6,21 dolari, sau 42 la sută, la 20,09 dolari după ce au atins 21,36 dolari mai înainte.	Acțiunile LendingTrees au crescut cu 43 la sută, sau 6,31 de dolari, la 21 de dolari, mai mult decât dublându-se în ultimile două luni.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
2.5	Săptămâna trecută, avocații lui i-au cerut lui Warner să ofere clemență în condiții care ar fi dus la o nouă audiere pentru sentință.	Săptămâna trecută, avocații lui i-au cerut guvernatorului Mark R. Warner să ofere clemență, dar guvernatorul a refuzar să intervină.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
1.75	„Cred că ar fi trebuit să fie eliberat cu ani în urmă,” a spus Brian Rohrbough, al cărui fiu, Daniel, a fost omorât la Columbine.	Brian Rohrbough, al cărui fiu, Daniel, a fost omorât la Columbine, a spus că înregistrarea ridică probleme îngrijorătoare.	I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
4.25	Directorul CIA George Tenet a zis că cei doi bărbați erau „caracterizați de dedicare și curaj.”	„Erau caracterizați de dedicare și curaj,” a spus directorul CIA George Tenet.	"CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were ""defined by dedication and courage."""	[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
5.0	Dar veniturile din licențele de software, o măsură pe care analiștii financiari o urmăresc cu atenție, au scăzut cu 21 la sută la 107, 6 milioane de dolari.	Vânzările de licențe, o măsură cheie a cererii, a scăzut cu 21 la sută la 107,6 milioane.	But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
4.25	Dotson, în vârstă de 21 de ani, a fost arestat și acuzat pe 21 iulie după ce ar fi declarat autorităților că l-a împușcat pe Dennehy după ce Dennehy a încecat să îl împuște pe el.	Dotson a fost arestat pe 21 iulie după ce le-a spus agenților FBI că l-a împușcat pe Dennehy când Dennehy a încercat să îl împuște p el, conform declarației scrise din mandatul de arest.	Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
4.75	Procurorii au afirmat că Dl. Durst plănuise crima pentru a-și însuși identitatea Dlui Black.	Procurorii au continuat să susțină că Durst îl ucisese pe Black pentru a încerca să își asume identitatea lui Black.	Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
2.75	Obiecția aceea a fost citată de către conducerea PeopleSoft când a fost refuzată oferta celor de Oracle.	PeopleSoft a recomandat ca deținătorii de acțiuni să respingă oferta.	That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
3.25	Mai mulți lideri democrați de culoare încercau să aranjeze o întâlnire cu directorul DNC Terry McAuliffe pentru a discuta concedierile.	Lideri democrați de culoare încercau să aranjeze o întâlnire cu directorul Comitetului Național Democrat Terry McAuliffe pentru a discuta concedierile a 10 lucrători minoritari la sediul partidului.	Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
3.5	„Acestea sunt zile întunecate pentru industria noastră,” a spus Giovanni Bisignani, directorul general al organizației cu sediul în Generva, într-o declarație.	„Acestea sunt zile întunecate pentru industria noastră,” a spus directorul general al Asociației Internaționale a Transportului Aerian cu sediul la Geneva, Giovanni Bisignani.	These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
3.6	Celelalte șapte națiuni din inițiativă sunt Marea Britanie, Germania, Italia, Olanda, Polonia, Portugalia și Spania.	Alte națiuni implicate în PSI includ Germania, Italia, Olanda, Polonia, Portugalia, Spania și Marea Britanie.	The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
3.333	Americanul obișnuit face patru drumuri pe zi, 45 la sută pentru cumpărături sau comisioane.	Aproape jumătate - 45 la sută - sunt pentru cumpărături sau comisioane.	The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
4.0	De asemenea este o victorie strategică pentru Overture, dat fiind că Knight Ridder a avut opțiunea de a semna pentru serviciile de la Google.	De asemenea este o victorie strategică pentru Overture, dat fiind că Knight Ridder folosea serviciile de reclamă ale Google.	It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
3.5	În săptămânile predecesoare execuției, mai multe autorități din Florida au primit scrisori amenințătoare.	Mai multe autorități din Florida având conexiuni cu cazul au primit scrisori amenințătoare, acompaniate de gloanțe de pușcă.	In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
3.4	Hoy a confirmat vărsta femeii marți și a spus că a plecat în vacanță cu familia ei.	Hoy a confirmat vărsta femeii marți și a spus că era în vacanță cu familia ei, dar se așteaptă să se întoarcă săptămâna aceasta.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
3.6	BOSTON Arhidioceza catolică din Boston a oferit 55 de milioane de dolari pentru a închide mai mult de 500 de procese legate de abuzuri sexuale ale clerului în care sunt implicați preoți.	Arhidioceza romano-catolică americană din Boston a oferit 55 de milioane de dolari pentru a închide mai mult de 500 de procese legate de abuzuri sexuale ale clerului în care sunt implicați preoți.	BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
3.6	Cele 3 ore de înregistrări includ conversații între poliție, pompieri și alți lucrători de urgență, precum și întrebări din partea mediei.	Printre ele se numără conversații între poliție, pompieri și alți lucrători de urgență, precum și întrebări din partea mediei.	The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
2.0	Obligația de 30 de ani US30YT=RR s-a ridicat cu 20/32, extinzându-și gradul de valorificare de la 4,14 la sută la 4,18 la sută.	Obligația de 30 de ani US30Yt=RR a scăzut cu 14/32 pentru un grad de valorificare de 4,26 la sută de la 4,23 la sută.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
3.6	Dar el este singurul candidat care a câștigat sprijinul muncitoresc național până acum, adăugând al 11-lea sindicat marți când Oțelarii Uniți ai Americii l-au susținut.	Dar el este singurul candidat care a câștigat sprijinul muncitoresc național până acum, adăugând al 11-lea marți.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
1.6	Acțiunile Oracle au scăzut cu 27 de cenți, sau 2 la sută, la 13,09 dolari.	Acțiunile Oracle au crescut și la știri de asemenea, cu 15 cenți la 13,51 de dolari pe Nasdaq.	Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
4.6	Future-urile nord-americane au indicat un început sub medie al comerțului de marți, investitorii fiind gata să încaseze primele profituri pe sfert de an.	Bursele nord-americane au avut parte de un început încet marți, investitorii finnd gata să încaseze primele profituri pe sfert de an.	North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
3.6	Etalonurile mai mari de pe piață au înregistrat câștiguri mari, urcând pentru patru săptămâni consecutive.	Piața largă de asemenea s-a retrat, după ce a urcat pentru patru săptămâni consecutive.	The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
3.0	Jim Furyk a sărbătorit prima Zi a tatălui fiind la rândul său tată obținând victoria în primul său campionat major de golf.	Prima Zi a tatălui drept tată, prima majoră drept campion.	Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
2.4	Au transmis Parteneriatul Limitat al Fundației Medicale, Educaționale și de Cercetare Lemelson către Syndia în 2001.	A spus că „se pretinde” că patenții au fost atribuiți către Syndia în 2001 prin Parteneriatul Limitat al Fundației Medicale, Educaționale și de Cercetare Lemelson.	They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	"It said the patents were ""allegedly"" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership."
1.2	SIA spune că se așteaptă ca piața DRAM să creascp cu 2,9 la sută la 15,7 miliarde de dolari în 2003 și cu 43 la sută la 22,5 miliarde în 2004.	Piața din Americi va decădea cu 2,1 la sută la 30,6 miliarde în 2003, după care va crește cu 15,7 la sută la 35,4 miliarde de dolari în 2004.	The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
3.4	Soția lui Morrill, Ellie, a plâns cu hohote și a îmbrățișat-o pe cumnata lui Bondeson în timpul slujbei.	La slujbă văduva lui Morrill, Ellie, a plâns cu hohote și a îmbrățișat-o pe cumnata lui Bondeson în timp ce oamenii o consolau.	Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
3.0	Dl. Grassley și Dl. Baucus au respins orice inegalitate în beneficiile pentru medicamente.	Grassley și Baucus au spus că au respins acea perspectivă în planul lor.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
3.4	În sfertul de acum un an, producătorul de oțel a înregistrat un profit de 16,2 milioane de dolari, sau 15 cenți pe acțiune, pe vânzări de 1,14 miliarde de dolari.	În al doilea sfert de anul trecut, AK Steel a raportat un profit de 16,2 milioane, sau 15 cenți pe acțiune.	In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.	In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
1.8	Nasdaq a avut un spor săptămânal de 17,27, sau 1,2 la sută, încheind vineri la 1,520.15.	Compozitul tehnologizat Nasdaq .IXIC a adunat 30,46 puncte, sau 2,04 la sută, la 1 520,15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
3.5	„A fost o intimidare fățișă pentru a ține oamenii pe rezervație.”, a spus un republican care participa dar a ales să nu fie numit.	„A fost o încercare fățișă de intimidare”, a spus un legislator republican care a participat la întâlnire.	It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
2.75	Nu a fost anunțată nicio acuzare, dar în declarație se afirma că se așteaptă să fie parcurse procedee legale luni.	O declarație din partea FBI a spus că procedeele legale erau așteptate luni în curtea federală din Baltimore.	No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
2.6	Femeia moartă purta de asemenea un inel și un ceas Cartier.	„Este o femeie cu păr blond care poartă un ceas Cartier la încheietura mâinii,” a spus sursa.	The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
2.2	Indexul de compozite extrem de tehnologizat Nasdaq a adăugat 14,17 puncte sau 0,94 la sută la 1 517,05.	Idexul de compozite Nasdaq, dominat de acțiuni în tehnologie, a stat în ultima vreme la 18 puncte.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
4.75	Dar FBI-ul nu l-a monitorizat niciodată pe al-Bayoumi - chiar dacă primise informații conform cărora era un agent saudit, spune documentul.	Dar biroul nu l-a monitorizat niciodată pe al-Bayoumi - în ciuda faptului că primise informații anterioare conform cărora era un agent secret saudit, spune raportul.	But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
1.5	„Va avea loc”, a zis Jim Santangelo, președintele Teamsters Joint Council 42 în El Monte.	„Asta afectează companiile, foarte tare”, a zis Jim Santangelo, președintele Teamsters Joint Council în El Monte.	It's going to happen, said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	That really affects the companies, big time, said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
3.75	A fost eliberat pe o cauțiune de 3 milioane de dolari după care s-a întors imediat în Las Vegas, unde filma un videoclip.	După achitarea cauțiunii de 3 milioane de dolari, Jackson a călătorit cu avionul până în Las Vegas unde lucra la un videoclip.	He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
3.5	Analiștii Gartner au spus că afacerile nu sunt destul de încrezătoare încă pentru a actualiza PC-urile firmei.	Mai mult de atât, companiile nu se simt destul de încrezătoare pentru a înlocui PC-urile vechi, a spus firma de analiști.	Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
1.5	De marți, aproape 250 de lucrători medicali sunt în carantină.	În plus, 6 800 de oameni erau în carantină și mii de lucrători medicali muncind în carantină.	As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
3.2	Brian Brabazon a spus că fiul său se supăra dar după aceea se răzgândea și se împrietenea cu agresorii săi.	Fiul său se supăra, a spus mama sa, dar după aceea se răzgândea și se împrietenea cu agresorii săi.	Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
2.2	Indexul de compozite extrem de tehnologizat Nasdaq a adăugat 1,16 ouncte la 1 504,04.	Idexul de compozite Nasdaq, dominat de acțiuni în tehnologie, a stat în ultima vreme la 18 puncte.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
2.4	Indexul de compozite tehnologizat Nasdaq a scăzut cu a 0,08-a parte dintr-un punct la 1 646.	Indexul de compozite tehnologizat Nasdaq <.IXIC> a adăugat 1,92 puncte, sau 0,12 la sută, la 1 647,94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
3.0	A spus juriului că Stubbs este „un ucigat rece și precis”.	Procurorul Dave Lupas a amintit juraților că Stubbs este „un ucigaș rece și precis”.	"He told the jury Stubbs is a ""cold, calculating killer."""	"District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, ""a cold, calculating killer""."
1.8	De asemenea, obligația de 30 de ani <US30YT=RR> a alunecat 1-11/32 pentru un grad de valorificare de 4,38 la sută, de la 4,30 la sută.	Obligația de 30 de ani US30YT=RR a săltat cu 20/32, modificându-și gradul de valorificare la 4,14 de la 4,18 la sută.	Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
2.4	O a șaptea victimă, o femeie, a murit marți noaptea în unitatea pentru arsuri a spitalului pentru copii Centrul Medical din Akron.	O a șaptea persoană, o femeie de 21 de ani, era în stare gravă în unitatea pentru arsuri la Spitalul pentru copii din Akron.	A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
3.533	Oamenii au fost transportați pe calea aerului imediat în Botswana din vecinătate într-un zbor neprogramat cu Air Malawi, au spus autoritățile din Malawi cu condiția anonimității.	Oamenii au fost transportați pe calea aerului în Botswana care este în vecinătate în zborul Air Malawi, au spus autoritățile.	The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
4.75	În schimb, Coreei de Nord i se cere să pună capăt programului său nuclear.	„În schimb ne așteptăm renunțarea la armele nucleare din partea Coreei de Nord.”	In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
3.333	„Condamnăm și denunțăm Consiliul Guvernator, care este condus de Statele Unite,” a spus Moqtada al-Sadr.	„Condamnăm Consiliul Guvernator, care este condus de Statele Unite”, a spus Sadr într-o predică înflăcărată în moscheea Koufa de lângă Najaf.	We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.	We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
5.0	Sendmail a spus că sistemul poate fi setat chiar pentru a permite folosirea numai în scopul afacerilor.	Produsul poate fi instruit să permită numai folosirea în scopul afacerilor, conform lui Sendmail.	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
3.0	Aceast exploit merge pe dispozitivele Windows fără patch-uri cu Pachetul de Servicii 3 și 4.	Atât Counterpane cât și iDefense afirmă că exploitul merge eficient împotriva sistemelor Windows 2000 care merg cu Pachetele de Servicii 3 și 4.	That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
3.0	Mai în departe în grafic, bancnota de referință de 10 ani US10YT=RR a pierdut 25/32 în preț, ajungând la gradul de valorificare de 3,26 la sută de la 3,17 la sută.	La începutul zilei de miercuri, bancnota de refință de 10 ani US10YT=RR pierduse 16/32 din preț, ducându-și gradul de valorificare de la 3,33 la sută la 3,26 la sută spre finalul zilei de marți.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
3.0	Acțiunile din sectorul tehnologic au suferit stricăciuni de la o prognoză nefavorabilă de la Sun Microsystems, care a fost văzută ca un semn de rău augur pentru următorul sfert de sezon de încasări.	O prognoză nefavorabilă de la Sun Micrisystems Inc. SUNW.O a exercitat mai multă presiune pe Wall Street înainte de sfertul de sezon de încasări.	Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
1.846	Acțiuni ale Coke crescut cu 6 de cenți la aproape 44,42 dolari pe Bursa din New York.	Acțiuni ale Coke au scăzut cu 26 de cenți la aproape 44,10 dolari pe Bursa din New York.	Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.0	Ernst și Young a negat orice greșeală și are de gând să lupte acuzațiile.	Ernst și Young a negat reclamațiile SEC și a numit recomandările din partea sa „neresponsabile.”	Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	"Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations ""irresponsible""."
3.0	Nici acțiunea militară, nici mita la scară largă nu poate rezolva problema Coreei de Nord, a spus Wolfowitz.	Într-adevăr, Wolfowitz a recunoscut sâmbătă că nici acțiunea militară nici „mita la scară largă” n-ar rezolva situația.	Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	"Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor ""large scale bribery"" would solve the issue."
3.2	Șoferul, Eugene Rogers, a ajutat la scoaterea copiilor din autobuz, a spus Wood.	La locul accidentului, șoferul era „acoperit de sânge” dar a ajutat la scoaterea copiilor, a zis Wood.	The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	"At the accident scene, the driver was ""covered in blood"" but helped to remove children, Wood said."
1.0	Indexul 500 Sandard & Poor mai cuprinzător <.SPX> a urcat cu 9,69 de puncte, sau 0,98 la sută, l a 994,53.	Indexul de compozite tehnologizat Nasdaq <.IXIC> a câștigat 18,35 de puncte, sau 1.13 la sută, la 1 646,02.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
2.647	Acțiuni ale Guidant au scăzut dramatic în comerț atât la cât și în afara Bursei din New York înainte să fie impusă o oprire a știrilor în mijlocul zilei.	Acțiuni ale Guidant au scăzut cu 5,3 la sută la 40,92 dolari în comerțul de după amiază de la Bursa din New York,	Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.	Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.25	„Trei săptămâni în octombrie” intră pe piață luni, la aproape un an după ce atacurile armate ale lunetistului din zona Washington D.C. au început.	Cartea lui Moose intră pe piață luni, la aproape un an după ce atacurile lunetistului au început în zona Washington.	Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
3.75	Conform unui chestionar separat al gospodăriilor, rata șomajului a scăzut în august la 6,1 la sută de la 6,2 la sută.	Analiștii de la Departamentul muncii au discernat o oarecare îmbunătățire a ratei naționale a șomajului, care a scăzut în august la 6,1 la sută de la 6,2 la sută.	Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
4.75	Rata cancerului la piele s-a triplat din anii 1950 în Norvegia și Suedia, conform studiului.	Studiul a descoperit de asemenea că s-a triplat cancerul la piele în Norvegia și Suedia din anii 1950.	The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
3.929	Judecătorul a refuzat de asemenea să anuleze data procesului din 29 septembrie.	Obus a refuzat de asemenea o moțiune a apărării de a anula data de 29 septembrie a procesului.	The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
3.4	În timp ce partidele de opoziție au primit bine decizia guvernului în legătură cu tratementul ani-retroviral, unii au afirmat că Ministrul Sănătății Manto Tshabalala-Msimang nu a fost în stare să supervizeze planul de desfășurare.	Ministrul Sănătății Manto Tshabalala-Msimang nu este în stare să supervizeze un plan de desfășurare a tratamentului anti-retroviral, conform partidelor de opoziție.	While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
3.2	Ofițerii șefi ai comercializării supraveghează cumpărarea și dezvoltarea bunurilor, deciderea direcției de comercializare a companiei sau practic ce ar trebui să reprezinte.	El sau ea decide direcția de comercilizare a companiei, sau practic ce ar trebui să reprezinte.	Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
3.8	Reverendul Christopher J. Coyne, purtătorul de cuvânt al arhidiocezei, nu a comentat vineri.	Reverendul Christopher Coyne, purtătorul de cuvânt al arhidiocezei, nu a răspuns imediat apelurilor care cereu comentariile sale.	The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
4.6	Câteva rude ale victimelor australiene ale atacului au fost la curte pentru a fi martore la proces, dar puțini balinezi au participat la proces.	Câteva rude ale victimelor australiene ale atacului au stat în primul rând la curte, dar puțini balinezi au participat la proces.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
3.2	Pe 10 iulie, o echipă de 32 de ofițeri de poliție din Singapore au fost trimiși la Bagdad.	În iulie 32 de ofițeri de poliție din Singapore au fost trimiși la Bagdad pentru a ajuta să antreneze forțele de poliție din Irac și s-au întors acasă luna trecută.	On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.	In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
2.2	Euro <EUR=> a crescut cu 0,67 la sută față de dolar la 1,1741 de dolari, după ce a atins vârful după patru luni de 1,1860 de dolari.	În comerțul de dimineață din SUA, euro <EUR=> a căzut cu 0,6 la sută, la 1,1741 dolari, după ce a s-a ridicat la un vârf după patru luni de 1.1860 dolari.	The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
4.4	Înainte, declarase un profit de 12 milioane de dolari, 0 cenți pe acțiune, pentru acea perioadă.	Înainte, declarase un profit mic de 12 milioane, sau la prag de rentabilitate pe fiecare acțiune, pentru acea perioadă.	Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
3.333	O coaliție de grupuri activiste, inclusiv totalul național de studenți militanți, sprijină protestele, pe care NLC le-a convocat în ciuda unei ordnanțe din justiție care le interzice.	O coaliție de grupuri activiste, inclusiv totalul național de studenți militanți, sprijină acțiunea și face mobilizare pentru proteste.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
4.0	Compania subliniază adiția asistenței pentru .NET și J2EE la Mediul pentru Antreprenoriat în Aplicații (MAA) în noul mainframe.	Compania adaugă de asemenea asistență pentru .Net și J2EE la setul de unelte de dezvoltare din Mediul pentru Antreprenoriat în Aplicații, a spus Sapp.	The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
1.333	De când a fost introdus în serviciu în 1971, a acumulat un record de 45 de accidente, cu 393 de morți.	Are un istoric de siguranță schimbător, care include 47 de accidente și 668 de morți.	Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
4.2	Ryan Harvey, un outfielder de la Liceul Dunedin din Florida, a fost selectat cu a șasea alegere de către Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, un outfielder licean din Florida, a fost al șaselea ales de către Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
3.2	Glover a vorbit la o conferință de ștriri care a inclus aproape 20 de rude ale victimelor.	Aproximativ 20 de membri ai familiilor victimelor au fost invitați la conferința de știri.	Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
3.2	Alți patru bărbați, care au fost de asemenea acuzați în iunie, au pledat vinovați.	Patru dintre inculpați au pledat vinovați la acuzațiile de posesie de arme și alte instanțe.	Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
3.25	Guvernele federale și locale au rămas în cea mai mare parte închise drept consecință a Uraganului Isabel, la fel și școlile, și o mare parte din rețeaua de transport a fost încetinită.	Ca urmare a Uraganului Iaabel, guvernele federal și locale au rămas închise, la fel și școlile și multe firme.	The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
2.25	A susținut un discurs suprinzător de pasionat la Oțelarii Uniți din America, care au anunțat susținerea lor ieri.	Marți, a primit susținerea Oțelarilor Uniți din America.	He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
3.5	Aproximativ 50 de milioane de numere de telefon sunt notate pe listă, care ar fi trebuit să intre în vigoare pe 1 octombrie.	FTC a înscris 50 de milioane de numere de telefon pe listă, care trebuia să intre în vigoare pe 1 octombrie.	Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
2.2	„Și după 8 sau 10 secunde jos, am lovit.”	„Am fost în apă aproape 8 secunde.”	And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
3.4	Dar Adora Obi Nweze, președintele de stat NAACP, a zis că statul a încercat numai să dovedească concluzia sinuciderii, mai degrabă decât să ia în considerare posibilitatea omorului.	Adora Obi Nweze, președintele de stat NAACP, a spus că statul a refuzat să ia în considerare posibilitatea omorului.	But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
3.0	Activiștii spus că se tem că această conferință este o încercare a fermelor industriale de a impune culturi bio-proiectate în țări afectate de foamete.	În schimb, le este teamă că această conferință este o încercare a fermelor industriale și a intereselor biotehnice să pătrudă în piețe noi.	Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.	Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
2.5	Contractul lor va expira la 12:01 miercuri în loc de 12:01 duminică, a spus Rian Wathen, directorul organizator pentru Lucrătorii Culinari și Comerciali Uniți 700 Local.	„A revoltat membrii” a spus Rian Wathen, directorul organizator Lucrătorii Culinari și Comerciali Uniți 700 Local.	Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
1.75	Indexul de compozite tehnologizat Nasdaq .IXIC a crescut cu 39,39 de puncte sau 2,2 la sută, la 1 826,33, după ce a pierdut mai mult de 2 la sută marți.	Media industrială pentru acțiuni de încredere Dow Jones .DJI a săltat cu 194,14 puncte, sau 2,09 la sută, la 9469,20 după ce a scăzut cu mai mult de 1 la sută ziua precedentă.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
2.75	Vreo 14 000 de clienți au fost fără curent în zonă, au spus Oklahoma Gas și Electric.	Aproximativ 38 000 de clienți ai OGE Energy Corp. sunt fără curent, a spus compania pe site-ul său web.	Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
4.25	Acum, soțul american al Blancăi, Roger Lawrence Strunk, în vârstă de 63 de ani, este pus sub acuzare de crimă din februarie de către guvernul filipinez, care spune că el este suspectul principal.	Acum, soțul Blancăi, Roger Lawrence Strunk din Tracy, în vârstă de 63 de ani, este pus sub acuzare de crimă de către guvernul filipinez din februarie.	Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
3.0	"Prince îl înlocuiește pe Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, care va rămâne directorul Citigroup."	Prince, care conduce banca globală corporatistă și de investiții Citigroup, îl înlocuiește pe Stanford Weill drept CEO.	"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."	Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
5.0	Veniturile funcționale au fost de 1,45 de miliarde de dolari, o creștere față de rezultatul anului precedent de 1,38 de miliarde de dolari.	Veniturile fucționale au crescut la 1,45 miliarde de dolari, de la 1,38 de miliarde de dolari anul precedent.	The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
3.25	Prețul aurului pe moment a fost estimat la 367,90/368,60 dolari per uncie la 1000 GMT, după ce a înaintat la 369,50 -- un nivel nemaiîntâlnit din 10 februarie.	Prețul aurului pe moment a fost estimat la 358,65/359,15 dolari per uncie la 0500 GMT, după a ajuns la punctul înalt de 359,25 de dolari -- un nivel nemaiîntâlnit din 25 februarie.	Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
4.0	În Canada, dolarul în continuă ascensiune va fi în mijlocul atenției din nou fiindcă încearcă să rămână deasupra marginii de 75 de cenți (SUA).	În Canada, dolarul pe cale de creștere a fost în centrul atenției din nou încercând și tocmai a eșuând să rămână deasupra marginii de 75 de cenți (SUA).	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
3.75	Dar justiția a hotărât că supervizorul de la poliție care l-a interogat încontinuu pe Martinez nu a încălcat drepturile acordate de al Cincilea Amendament făcând aceasta.	Dar justiția a hotărât că supervizorul de la poliție care l-a interogat încontinuu pe Dl Martinez în timp ce acesta urla de durere nu a încălcat drepturile acordate de al Cincilea Amendament.	But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
2.0	Media industrială pentru acțiuni de încredere Dow Jones a pierdut 44 de puncte, sau 0,47 de puncte, la 9543, după ce a punctat patru sesiuni consecutive.	Media industrială Dow Jones .DJI a crescut cu 18,25 de puncte, sau 0,19 la sută, la 9586,71.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
3.333	Președintele centrului, Joseph Torsella, a fost lovit în cap dar a fost în stare să meargă până la ambulanță.	Președintele Centrului Național Constituțional, Joseph Torsella, a fost lovit în cap și trântit pe genunchi.	The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
3.0	Raportul a clasificat 45 de companii mari pe criterii de angajare, marketing, achiziționări, reinvestire în comunitate și donații pentru caritate.	Dintre cele trei, doar Dillard a răspuns la sondajul care a clasificat 45 de mari companii pe criterii de angajare, marketing, achiziții, reinvestire în comunitate și donații pentru caritate.	The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
3.4	„Nu știu dacă persoana cu care vorbesc acum ar putea ajunge să fie altcineva în alt moment care nu urmează regulile,” a spus Parrish.	„Nu știu dacă persoana cu care vorbesc acum ar putea să ajungă să fie altcineva,” a spus Parrish.	I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.	I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
5.0	Ruffner, 45 de ani, încă nu are un avocat în acuzația de crimă, au spus autoritățile.	Ruffner, 45 de ani, nu are încă un avocat în acuzația de crimă, au spus autoritățile.	Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
3.4	Aprobată în 1999 dar niciodată implementată, legea ar fi făcut ilegal ca clienții de baruri și restaurante să aprindă țigări.	Aprobată în 1999 dar niciodată implementată, legea fumatului ar fi prevenit ca clienții de baruri și restaurante să sprindă țigări, dar ar fi scutit cluburile private de la regulă.	Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
3.75	Primul proces al suspectului din bombardamentul de anul trecut de la un club de noapte din Bali care a omorât mai mult de 200 oameni s-a deschis astăzi în Indonezia, a comunicat Sky News.	Unul dintre suspecții cheie din bombardamentele din octombrie de la cluburile de noapte care au omorât mai mult de 200 de oameni în Bali a fost pus în fața judecătorului luni într-un context al securității maxime.	The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
4.0	Pensionarii francezi se vor înmulți de la o cincime la o treime a populației până în 2040.	Până în 2040, pensionarii vor reprezenta o treime din populație, de la o cincime în prezent.	French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
3.25	Poliția din Irak a deschis focul în centrul Bagdadului astăzi după ce demonstranții au luat cu asalt o secție de poliție cerând să le fie date locurile de muncă pentru care pretind că au plătit mită.	Poliția din Irak a deschis focul în centrul Bagdadului miercuri după ce demonstranții care cereu slujbe au luat cu asalt o secție de poliție și au aruncat pietre către ofițeri, a spus poliția.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
2.25	Media industrială Dow Jones <.DJI> a adăugat 28 de puncte, sau 0,27 la sută, la 10557, atingând cel mai înalt nivel din 21 de luni.	Media industrială Dow Jones <.DJI> a crescut cu 49 de puncte, sau 0,47 la sută, la 10578.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
1.5	În același trimestru anul trecut, EDS a declarat un profit de 354 de milioane de dolari, sau 72 cenți pe acțiune.	EDS a raportat o pierdere în primul trimestru de 126 de milioane de dolari, sau 26 de cenți pe acțiune.	During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.	EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
3.0	Microsoft a scăzut cu 5 la sută înainte să înceapă cu 27,45 de dolari de la închiderea de joi de 28,91 de dolari.	Acțiunile de la Microsoft au scăzut cu 4,7 la sută în comerțul de după ora închiderii la 27,54 de dolari de la închiderea Nasdaq de 28,91 de dolari.	Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
2.25	„Este extraordinar de rapid”, a spus Matt Geller, un analist de la Piețele Mondiale CIBC.	„Ei chiar vor înregistra vânzările pentru Velcade anul acesta,” a spus Matt Geller, un analist de la Piețele Mondiale CIBC.	This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	"They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year,"" said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets."
4.0	Atât rebelii cât și forțele guvernului au fost acuzate de prădarea satelor din zona rurală din Liberia în ciuda acordului de pace.	Atât rebelii cât și forțele guvernului, inclusiv cele loiale lui Taylor, au fost acuzate de prădarea satelor din zona rurală a Liberiei în ciuda acordului de pace.	Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
4.75	Microsoft a fost recompensat cu un patent pentru o setare în mesajele instante care alertează utilizatorul când persoana cu care comunică alcătuiește un mesaj.	Microsoft a fost recompensat cu un patent pentru un aspect popular în mesajele instante care arată utilizatorilor când persoana din celălalt capăt al conversației tastează un mesaj.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
1.5	Arestările au dezvăluit detalii noi despre investigația de patru luni de la casa lui Selenski din Mount Olivet Road.	Cadavrele lui Kerkowski și Fassett au fost dezgropate la casa lui Selenski din Mount Olivet Road pe 5 iunie.	The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
3.067	Intenționăm să petiționăm viguros și tot ne așteptăm să fim justificați până la urmă.	Credem că aceasta a fost o lege proastă și încă așteptăm să fim justificați până la urmă.	We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
2.75	Conform legii din Kansas, este ilegal ca tinerii cu vârsta sub 16 ani să aibă relații sexuale.	În părerea sa, Kline a menționat că este ilegal pentru copii atât de mici să aibă relații sexuale.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
3.5	Tranzacția va extinde încasările din vânzări ale Callebaut din afacerea cu produsele de consum la 45 la sută de la 23 la sută.	Tranzacția va extinde încasările din vânzări ale Callebaut din afacerea cu produsele de consum cu aproximativ 45 la sută la o treime din vânzările totale.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
3.25	Armata Indoneziei a fost adesea acuzată de abuzuri ale drepturilor umane din perioada luptei GAM pentru independență, acuzații pe care în general le-a negat în timp ce învinovățește separatiștii de încălcări ale drepturilor.	Armata Indoneziei a fost acuzată de abuzuri ale drepturilor umane în timpul primelor bătălii cu GAM, acuzații pe care le-a negat în general.	Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
3.75	Economia Iracului a fost devastată în timpul anilor de sacțiuni de la Națiunilor Unite datorită ocupări din 1990 a Kuwaitului a fostului președinte Saddam Hussein și a războiului condus de SUA pentru a-l îndepărta, care s-a încheiat în aprilie.	Economia Iracului a fost destrămată sub conducerea fostului președinte Saddam Hussein și de războiul condus de SUA pentru a-l îndepărta, care s-a încheiat în aprilie.	Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
3.8	Unul a arătat de asemenea către cuvântul refugiat în dicționarul englez-turcesc.	Un bărbat a etalat un dicționar englez- turcesc și a arătat către cuvântul „refugiat”.	One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
4.0	Cea mai mare parte a fondurilor, aproximativ 65 de miliarde de dolari, va merge către operațiuni militare în Irak și Afganistan.	Cea mai mare parte a proiectului de lege - 64,7 miliarde de dolari - merge către operațiuni militare în principal în Irak și Afganistan.	The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
4.8	Dolores Mahoy, în vârstă de 68 de ani, din Colorado Springs, Colo., este o persoană care poate fi ajutată de legislația în așteptare din Congres.	Dolores E. Mahoy, în vârstă de 68 de ani, din Colorado Springs este exact genul de persoană care ar putea fi ajutată de legislația în așteptare din Congres.	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
2.2	Emiterile care avansează au întrecut la număr acțiunile în declin 8 la 5 pe Bursa din New York.	Emiterile care declină au întrecut la număr pe cele care avansează cu mai mult de 3 la 1 pe Bursa din New York.	Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.25	Un concurs de frumusețe care urmează să aibă loc în Italia s-ar putea să fie primul pentru fete de poster perfecte în lumea pixelilor.	Un nou concurs de frumusețe care va începe în Italia săptămăna viitoare va oferi fetelor de poster perfecte în lumea pixelilor șansa de a fura statusul de sex simbol al arzătoarei Sophia.	A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
2.5	Părerea generală a analiștilor estimează de la Thomson First Call că a fost o pierdere de 2,08 dolari pe acțiune, excluzând articolelor unice.	Estimarea analiștilor examinată de Thomson First Call a fost o pierdere de 2,75 dolari pe acțiune.	Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
2.25	De asemenea, se așteaptă ca administrația Boeing să decidă la întâlnirea din decembrie dacă să ofere avionul înspre vânzare companiilor aeriene.	Se așteaptă în general ca Bair să primească aprobarea oficială de a oferi avionul spre vânzare companiilor aeriene.	Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
2.75	Bush a spus că forețele de rezistenșă ostile prezenței SUA „fac să se simtă ca și când ... condițille sunt astfel încât ne pot ataca acolo.”	Sunt unii care simt că condițiile sunt astfel încât ne pot ataca acolo.	"Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence ""feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
4.75	Avocații apărării au spus că o schimbare de sală era necesară deoarece publicitatea masivă dinaintea procesului corupsese jurații împotriva clientului lor.	Avocații apărării ceruseră o schimbare de sală pentru două motive: ei au argumentat că publicitatea masivă dinaintea procesului corupsese jurații împotriva clientului lor.	Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
3.5	Întemeiat în 1996, schimbul LendingTree este alcătuit din mai mult de 200 de bănci, creditori și brokeri.	LendingTree potrivește pe cei care împrumută prin Internet cu mai mult de 200 de brokeri de ipoteci, bănci și alți creditori.	Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
3.25	Majoritatea celor care plătesc impozite vor primi reduceri surpriză la impozit între 4 dolari și 11 dolari din 1 iulie.	Cei 9 milioane de contribuabili ai Australiei au primit reduceri surpriză la impozit între 3 dolari și 11 dolari de la trezorierul Peter Costello azinoapte.	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
3.0	Gyorgy Heizler, liderul unității locale pentru dezastre, a spus că autocarul transporta 38 de pasageri.	Liderul unității locale pentru dezastre, Gyorgy Heizler, a spus că șoferul autocarului nu a reușit să bage de seamă semaforul roșu.	Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
1.5	Taxa de școlarizare pe patru ani la facultățile private are o medie de 19 710 dolari anul acesta, cu 6 la sută mai mult decât în 2002.	Pentru anul universitar curent, taxa de școlarizare la universitățile de stat a ajuns în jur de 4,694 de dolari, în creștere cu aproape 600 de dolari față de anul precedent.	Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
2.0	Rata șomajului la nivel național a scăzut la 6,4%, mai puțin decât cea din August, care era 6,7%.	Rata șomajului în județul San Joaquin a scăzut luna trecută la 8,5%, cu aproape un procent față de luna August.	The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
3.0	Lumini de securitate au fost deasemenea instalate, iar polițiștii au curățat terenul de capcane.	Corpuri de iluminat au fost de asemenea instalate pe un hambar situat aproape de poarta din față.	Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
4.75	Însă trupele americane nu se vor da în lături de la organizarea de raiduri și de la a-și ataca inamicii, când locațiile acestora pot fi identificate.	Dar trupele americane nu se vor da în lături de la a organiza raiduri atunci când pot identifica locațiile inamicilor.	But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
4.778	Moore nu a acut niciun comentariu de dat marți.	Moore nu a avut o reacție imediată marți.	Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
3.2	Un judecător a hotărât pe 8 august preluarea copilului în custodia statului.	Pe 8 august, judecătorul Robert Yeates de la Tribunalul pentru Minori a decis plasarea lui Parker în custodie protectivă.	A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
3.2	Dar purtătorul de cuvânt al Casei Albe Ari Fleischer a declarat ieri: „Măsurile pe care statul iranian pretinde că le-a luat în capturarea grupului al-Qaida sunt insuficiente”.	„Măsurile pe care statul iranian pretinde că le-a luat în capturarea grupului al-Qaida sunt insuficiente”.	"But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: ""The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."""	The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
4.364	Rezultatele au fost scoase la iveală la întâlnirea de marți din Seattle a Societatății Americane de Boli Respiratorii și vor fi publicate în ediția de joi a Revistei Medicale din New England.	Rezultatele studiului au fost scoase la iveală la întâlnirea de marți din Seattle a Societatății Americane de Boli Respiratorii și vor fi publicate de asemenea în ediția de joi a Revistei Medicale din New England.	The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
3.8	Poziției lui opuse i s-au alăturat judecătorul-șef William H. Rehnquist și judecătorul Clarence Thomas.	Judecătorul-șef William H. Rehnquist împreună cu judecătorii Antonin Scalia și Clarence Thomas au adoptat o poziție opusă.	His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
4.4	United deja a achitat orașului penalități în valoare de 34 milioane de dolari deoarece nu a reușit să îndeplinească primul tur de obiective în ceea ce privește angajările.	United a achitat penalități în valoare de 34 milioane de dolari deoarece nu a reușit să îndeplinească obiectivele în ceea ce privește angajările.	United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
4.5	Biroul lui Shelley a transmis vineri că i-au fost strânse 575,926 de semnături.	Biroul lui Shelley a dat exit-pollul semnăturilor vinerea trecută și a a spus că județele au numărat 575,926 de semnături până acum.	Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
4.0	Bush vrea „să vadă un avion aterizând în același fel în care și piloții văd un avion aterizând”, a declarat ieri Ari Fleicher, secretarul de stat responsabil cu presa de la Casa Albă.	Marți, înaintea discursului lui Byrd, Fleicher a declarat că Bush dorește „să vadă un avion aterizând în același fel în care și piloții văd un avion aterizând”.	"Bush wanted ""to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing,"" White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday."	On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
1.5	Cel care a stătea cu reporterii și fotografii cam la 150 de metri de porțile închisorii a fost Brent Newbury, președintele Asociației de Voluntari Patrula Județului Rockland.	„Totul este o distorsionare”, a spus cu o pasivă agresivitate Brent Newbury, președintele Asociației de Voluntari Patrula Județului Rockland.	Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
3.0	„Au fost bătuți în mod brutal și ce e cu adevărat de de mirare este faptul că Porchia este singura decedată din acest caz”.	„Este o minune că doar Porchia a fost singura care a decedat de pe urma acestui caz”, a adăugat Sax.	They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.	It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
5.0	„Mănușa a fost aruncată”, a declarat reprezentantul UNIFI, Rob O'Neill.	Reprezentantul UNIFI Rob O'Neill a declarat: „Mănușa a fost aruncată”.	The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: ""The gloves are off."
3.6	Cei de la Pratt & Whitney au spus că 75% din echipamentele motorului vor fi externalizate în Europa, cu asamblarea finală în Germania.	Cei de la Pratt &Whitney au spus că dacă câștigă contractul, ar externaliza 75% din echipamentul de motor către furnizori europeni, cu o asamblare finală în Germania.	Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
2.8	Membrii scriitori Selwyn Crawford, Colleen McCain și Brian Anderson de la DallasNews.com au contribuit la acest articol.	Membrii scriitori Brandon Formby și Colleen McCain au contribuit la acest articol.	Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.	Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
1.8	Comisia de Comerț ar fi fost un obstacol semnificativ pentru o astfel de afacere.	Comisia de Comerț a Noii Zeelande nu a oferit firmei Westpac nicio indicație cu privire la aprobarea negocierii.	The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
3.4	Procurorii au depus o moțiune prin care l-au informat pe Lee că intenționează să ceară pedeapsa cu moartea.	El a adăugat că procurorii intenționează să ceară pedeapsa cu moartea.	Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
3.0	Maeștrii americani: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan și Lista cea neagră: Niciunul fără de păcat (Miercuri)	"Rețineți subtitlul acestei teribile parabole în seria ,,Maeștrii americani: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan și Lista neagră: Niciunul Fără De Păcat"""	American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	"Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the ""American Masters"" series, ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
2.0	Acel pachet a inclus creșteri atât în cheltuielile orașului cât și în impozitele pe venit.	De asemenea, se opune creșterii impozitului pe vânzări și a veniturilor personale din pachet.	That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
3.333	Melodiile sunt de vânzare la oferta de 99 de cenți fiecare, sau 9,99 de dolari un album.	Compania va vinde melodii pentru 99 de cenți și albume pentru 9,95 de dolari.	The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
4.25	„Cu siguranță ceea ce știm sugerează că ar trebui să luăm foarte în serios ceea ce spun ei”, a adăugat el.	„Nu știm totul [dar] ceea ce știm sugerează că ar trebui să luăm în serios ceea ce spun ei”, a spus el.	Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.	We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
2.0	Acțiunile Gillette au crescut cu 1,45 de dolari sau cu 4,5 procente, la 33,95 de dolari la tranzacționarea de după-amiază a Bursei de Valori din New York.	Acțiunile Gillette s-au închis cu o scădere de 45 de cenți la 33,70 de dolari la tranzacționarea de miercuri a Bursei de Valori din New York.	Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
1.6	Acțiunile firmei cu sediul în San Diego, Jack In The Box, s-au oprit la 21,49 de dolari, cu o creștere de 78 de cenți sau 3,8 la sută, la Bursa de Valori din New York.	Acțiunile firmei Outback Steakhouse Inc. cu sediul la Tampa s-au închis la 44,50 dolari, cu o creștere de 1,78 de dolari sau 4,2 procente, la Bursa de Valori din New York.	Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.6	Acțiunile industriale de la firma The Dow Jones au urcat cu mai mult de 140 de puncte deasupra liniei 9,000, prima oară din decembrie.	Acțiunile industriale ale firmei The Dow Jones au trecut pentru scurt timp de limita de 9,000, pentru prima dată din decembrie.	The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	"The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."""
4.75	Guvernul a ales trei companii care să dezvolte planuri pentru a proteja avioanele comerciale de focuri de armă trase de pe umăr, au anunțat reprezentanții Departamentului pentru Securitate Internă.	Departamentul pentru Securitate Internă a anunțat marți că a numit trei companii care să continue cercetarea modalităților de a stopa atacurile armate trase de pe umăr.	The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
1.75	Grupările Tamil acuză Tigrii Eliberării din Tamil Eelam (LTTE) de aceste omoruri.	Guvernul a dorit să reînvie discuțiile cu Tigrii de Eliberare din Tamil Eelam (LTTE) pentru a discuta structura interimară.	Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.	The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
3.25	Doi dintre britanici, Sandy Mitchell din Glasgow și William Sampson, născut în Glasgow, se confruntă cu pedeapsa cu moartea.	Sandy Mitchell, în vârstă de 44 de ani, din Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, și William Sampson, un cetățean britanic născut în Glasgow, se confruntă cu decapitarea în public.	Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
3.0	El a cerut răbdarea americanilor dornici de acest serviciu, care este destinat să blocheze aproximativ 80% din apelurile de telemarketing.	Serviciul gratuit a fost inițial destinat blocării a aproximativ 80% din apelurile de telemarketing.	He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
3.6	Jordan Green, avocatul personal al prelatului, a spus că nu are nimic de adăugat.	Avocatul lui O'Brien, Jordan Green, a refuzat să comenteze.	Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
3.4	"Domnul Hadley, care e într-o nouă relație și are un nou copil, a spus: ,,Sunt absolut încântat"""	Într-o declarație emisă de avocații săi, domnul Hadley a spus: „Sunt absolut încântat de rezultatul procedurilor.	"Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: ""I am absolutely delighted."	"In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: ""I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings."
3.25	Pierderile s-au produs peste noapte în Canionul Willow, una dintre cele 3 zone din Munții Santa Catalina amenințată de un incendiu care are loc de de două săptămâni care deja a înnegrit 70 de mii de acri.	Pierderile au avut loc peste noapte în Canionul Willow, una dintre cele 3 zone din Munții Santa Catalina amenințate de reaprinderea incendiului Aspen.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
3.5	„Nu dorim să așteptăm și să lăsăm să aibă loc un linșaj de card bancar'”, a declarat maiorul republican Owens (din Brooklyn).	„Nu vrem să așteptăm și să vedem cum are loc linșarea unui card bancar”, a zis el.	We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
3.786	Totuși, folosirea comercială a nucleului versiunii 2.6.0 este încă indisponibil pentru luni întregi pentru majoritatea clienților.	Lansările comerciale ale versiunii 2.6.0 al nucleului Linux de către distribuitorii principali rămân înă la o distanță de luni întregi.	However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
0.8	Varianta mai lungă al Indexului 500 al Standard & Poor a avansat cu două puncte, sau cu 0,24 la sută, la 977.	Indicele Nasdaq Composite .IXIC a scăzut cu 6,52 puncte, sau 0,39 la sută, la 1.645,66.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
2.4	Doi reprezentanți au spus inițial că 300 de muncitori fuseseră arestați în 61 de magazine în 21 de state.	Dar reprezentanții au rezizuit mai apoi numerele și au spus că 250 fuseseră arestați în aproxiamtiv 60 de magazine.	Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
3.2	„Această afacere are sens pentru ambele firme”, a spus Halla într-o declarație pregătită.	Brian Halla, CEO al NatSemi, a afirmat că acordul are sens pentru ambele companii.	This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
4.923	Cincizeci și șapte de senatori, printre care 24 de republicani, au semnat scrisoarea.	Dintre cei care au semnat scrisoarea, 57 sunt senatori, inclusiv 24 de republicani.	Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
2.6	Au fost confirmate miercuri încă cinci cazuri umane afectate de virusul West Nile, de către Direcția de Sănătate Publică a județului Mesa.	În această săptămână, 103 de cazuri umane de infectare cu virusul West Nile, din 45 de județe, au fost declarate departamentului de sănătate.	Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
4.0	Domnul Manuel și grupul său au pătruns în Statele Unite trecând podul ce leagă Matamoros și Brownsville.	Manuel și grupul lui au intrat în Statele Unite în același fel prin care mii de oameni fac, trecând podul ce leagă Matamoros și Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
3.0	Conform reglementărilor NASD, domnul Young poate depune un răspuns și să solicite o audiere în fața unui unei instanțe a NASD.	Analistul, deja eliberat de către Merrill, poate solicita o audiere în fața unei instanțe a NASD.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
3.2	Președintele și-a început discursul amintind de atacurile teroriste din Arabia Saudită care au produs moartea a 29 de oameni, printre care și șapte americani.	Totuși, Bush a criticat aspru bombardamentele teroriste din Arabia Saudită care au provocat moartea a 29 de persoane, care include și un număr de americani.	The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
3.2	„Sunt foarte mândru de cetățenii acestui stat”, a declarat guvernatorul John Baldacci în urma numărării voturilor referendumului de marți.	„Sunt foarte mândru de cetățenii acestui stat”, a spus guvernatorul John Baldacci, un dușman al jocurilor de noroc.	I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
3.4	Printre cei trei principali candidați, Schwarzenegger câștigă lupta pentru independenți și alegătorii membri de partid.	Scwarzenegger câștigă mai mulți independenți și alegători membri de partid decât Brustamante.	Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
2.6	El îl va înlocui pe Ron Dittemore, care și-a anunțat demisia pe 23 aprilie.	Dittemore și-a anunțat planurile de a demisiona pe 23 aprilie.	He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
4.571	Selenski petrecuse anterior șapte ani în închisore în urma unei condamnări de jaf bancar.	Selenski a petrecut aproape șapte ani în închisoare pentru jaf bancar.	Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
3.4	Maddox, în vârstă de 87 de ani, și-a fisurat două coaste acum zece zile când a căzut în centrul rezidențial de asistență și îngrijire pentru persoane vârstnice, unde se recupera de pe urma unei operații intestinale, a spus Virginia Carnes.	Maddox, care se luptase cu cancerul din 1983, și-a fisurat două coaste la începutul acestei luni când a căzut în centrul rezidențial de asistență și îngrijire pentru persoane vârstnice, unde se recupera de pe urma unei operații.	Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
2.25	Graham, un candidat la președenție, a fost criticat de mai mulți republicani că „politizează” raportul.	Graham, care a co-prezidat ancheta, este un candidat la președenție.	Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.	Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
3.5	În 2002, Linksys a depășit Cisco Systems ca lider în vânzarea de echipamente wireless, numărând 14,1 la sută din impozitul pe venit.	Rolfe a zis că Linskys a depășit Cisco Systems anul trecut ca lider furnizor de echipamente WLAN.	In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
2.75	Șolile care nu îndeplinesc obiectivele de stat timp de trei ani la rând sunt obligate să ofere sesiuni de tutorat, pe lângă transferuri.	Școlile care nu îndeplinesc obiectivele de testare timp de doi ani la rând trebuie să ofere transferuri.	Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
4.75	Manipularea industriei farmaceutice a fost atât de profitabilă încât mulți dintre cei arestați locuiau în case de milioane de dolari.	Manipularea industriei farmaceutice a fost atât de profitabilă, spun anchetatorii, încât mulți dintre suspecți locuiau în case care valorează milioane dolari.	Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
4.5	Domnul Howard a spus că are totodată încredere în sistemul prin care Hicks ar fi judecat.	Howard a mai spus ieri că Hicks va fi tratat corect, spunând că are încredere în sistemul de justiție din SUA.	Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
3.167	Contrabandiștii într-o dubă au urmărit un pick-up și un SUV care transporta alți contrabandiști și imigranți ilegali, a declarat șeriful din județul Pinal, Roger Vanderpool.	Oameni dintr-o dubă au tras cu arma într-un pick-up și un SUV, care se credea că transportă în mod ilegal imigranți, a declarat șeriful județului Pinal, Roger Vanderpool.	Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
4.5	Procesul, la care participă 125 de martori, ar putea continua până la începutul anului 2004.	În cadrul procesului, care ar putea dura până la începutul anului 2004, primul dintre cei 125 de martori este așteptat vineri în audiere.	The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
4.75	Computerele ar fi fost amplasate în SUA, Canada și Coreea de Sud.	Computerele sunt împrăștiate în Statele Unite, Canada și Coreea de Sud.	The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
2.75	Vulnerabilitatea afectează Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP și 2000, precum și Windows Server 2003.	Microsoft a scos un program pentru vulnerabilitatea computerului, care afectează Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP și Windows Server 2003.	The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
3.2	Contribuția suplimentară face ca anul acesta ajutorul alimentar al Statelor Unite către Coreea de Nord să ajungă la 100 de mii de tone.	Donația de 60 de mii de tone aduce contribuțiile Statelor Unite la un total de 100 de mii.	The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
2.6	Uniunea Europeană a interzis importul de alimente modificate genetic în 1998; Statele Unite cer acum ca UE să pună capăt interdicției sale.	Uniunea a interzis importul de alimente modificate genetic în 1998, după ce mulți consumatori s-au temut de riscurile pentru sănătate.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
4.4	El a prezis că Vanderpool va fi disponibil în următorii cinci ani.	Produsele Vanderpool vor fi scoase pe piață în următorii cinci ani, a zis el.	He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
3.0	Annikei Sorenzam I se oferă prima oportunitate de a-și testa obiectivul în această săptămână la Campionatul McDonald's LPGS.	Odată cu aperitivul devorat, Annika Sorenstam trece la gustare săptămâna aceasta la Campionatul McDonald's LPGA.	Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
0.944	Mai marele indice 500 al Standard & Poor's .SPX a obținut trei puncte, sau 0.39 la sută, ajungând la 924.	Indicele tehnologic Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> a crescut cu șase puncte, sau 0.41 de procente, la 1,498.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
4.0	Cisco a semnat acorduri similare cu AT&T Corp. T.N, SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N și Sprint Corp. FON.N.	Cisco are relații similare cu concurenții BellSouth SBC Communications, AT&T și Sprint Communications.	Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
3.8	Harris și Kiebold au ucis 12 elevi și un profesor înaintea de a se sinucide pe data de 20 aprilie 1999.	Harris și Kiebold au ucis 12 elevi, un profesor și s-au sinucis, toate având loc în școală.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
4.2	„Condamnăm Consiliul guvernatorilor condus de Statele Unite”, a spus Muqtada al Sadr într-o predică la o moschee.	„Condamnăm și denunțăm Consiliul guvernatorilor, care este condus de Statele Unite”, a spus Moqtada al-Sadr.	We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
4.2	Într-o declarație distribuită vineri, 28 de organizații neguvernamentale cecene au declarat că vor boicota votul.	Într-o declarație distribuită astăzi, 28 de organizații neguvernamentale cecene au declarat că vor boicota votul și au avertizat alegătorii să se aștepte la fraude.	In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
2.6	Populația statului în anul 2000 era de 6.080.485, conform recensământuluI SUA.	Cu toate acestea, între 1960 și 2000, populația statului a crescut cu 30,4%, până la 6,080,485.	The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
3.056	18 iulie: Hulbert depune o singură acuzație de caz grav de agresiune sexuală împotriva lui Bryant.	Bryant, în vârstă de 24 de ani, a fost acuzată de un caz grav de agresiune sexuală.	July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
4.75	Președintele și directorul executiv de la St. Paul Jay S. Fishman, în vârstă de 51 de ani, va fi director general al companiei asociate.	Jay Fisherman, președinte și director executiv la St. Paul, în vârstă de 51 de ani, va deveni directorul general al companiei asociate.	St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
3.25	În schimb, Weida a decis că cazul Meester privind acuzațiile de viol, sodomie, agresiune indecentă și furnizarea de alcool minorilor ar trebui să treacă la o curte marțială.	Douglas Meester, în vârstă de 20 de ani, este acuzat de viol, sodomie, agresiune indecentă și furnizarea de alcool minorilor.	Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
3.4	Au făcut o descoperire similară la Houston cu un alt avion, a declarat compania Southwest Airlines într-un comunicat.	Compania aeriană a declarat că o descoperire similară a fost făcută în avionul din Houston.	They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
3.75	"Rosenthal a refuzat să comenteze situația lui Garrett marți, dar a declarat într-un comunicat: „Am avut o negociere mare a contractului."""	Creatorul și producătorul executiv al spectacolului, Phil Rosenthal, a spus în glumă într-o declarație: „Am avut o mare negociere contractuală.	"Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: ""We had a big contract negotiation."	"The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: ""We had a big contract negotiation."
2.6	Curentul electric fiind repornit, muncitorii de stat s-au întors înapoi la locurile de muncă vineri dimineața.	Pataki a spus că dacă electricitatea va fi restabilită, lucrătorii de stat se vor întoarce vineri dimineață la locul de muncă.	With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
2.4	Nasdaq a scăzut cu aproximativ 1,3% pentru luna respectivă, rupând o serie de victorii de șapte luni.	Nasdaq a scăzut cu aproximativ 0,4 la sută pentru luna respectivă, pe calea de a rupe o serie de câștiguri de 7 luni.	The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
3.2	Raportul a fost găsit pe data de 23 octombrie, ținut ascuns într-un biblioraft care nu avea legătură cu investigația.	Raportul a fost găsit săptămâna trecută ascuns într-un manual de instruire care aparținea lui Hicks.	The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
3.4	Sâmbătă, Comitetul Internațional al Crucii Roșii a declarat că își închide temporar birourile din Bagdad și Basra.	Comitetul Internațional al Crucii Roșii, temător pentru siguranța personalului său care își desfășoară activitatea în Irak, a anunțat că își închide temporar birourile din Bagdad și Basra.	On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
2.4	Campania de Solidaritate cu Palestina lansată de Irlanda, din care a făcut parte domnul Muireagàin, i-a salutat eliberarea.	Campania de Solidaritate cu Palestina lansată de Irlanda, din care a făcut parte, a declarat că face pregătiri pentru un proiect de schimb de experiență interșcolar.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
3.4	Glover a spus că ucigașul a făcut un „nod neobișnuit” pe legătura pe care a folosit-o pentru a sugruma unele dintre victime.	Glover a spus că ucigașul a folosit un „nod special”, inclusiv un cablu coaxial și un cablu prelungitor, pentru a strangula unele dintre victime.	"Glover said the killer used a ""peculiar slipknot"" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims."	Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
3.6	Ea a spus că avocații lui Jane Doe i-au cerut Verizon să-i rețină numele, deoarece intenționa să conteste citația.	Jane Doe, hotărând să conteste citația, i-a cerut lui Verizon să-i rețină numele.	She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
3.4	În septembrie, un cercetător din Singapore, în vârstă de 27 de ani, a contractat SARS în timp ce lucra într-un laborator.	Într-un caz din August, un lucrător de laborator în vârstă de 27 de ani, a dezvoltat virusul SARS.	In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
4.818	Un număr sub 50 sugerează o restrângere în sectorul de manufactură, în timp ce un număr peste această valoare indică o lărgire.	Un indicator de citire peste 50 sugerează o creștere în sector, în timp ce o valoare sub acel nivel indică o scădere.	A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
3.2	Un proces a fost intentat în încercarea de a bloca scoaterea din clădire a monumentului Cele Zece Porunci.	Susținătorii au cerut luni unei instanțe federale să blocheze scoaterea unui monument al Celor Zece Porunci din clădirea judiciară din Alabama.	A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
1.4	Britz a câștigat 3,77 milioane de dolari în salariu, bonus și alte compensații, iar Kinney a câștigat 3,76 milioane de dolari.	Johnston a câștigat 5,8 milioane de dolari salariu și bonus în 2001 ca președinte, iar în calitate de consilier cu jumătate de normă a câștigat 1 milion de dolari în 2002.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
3.0	Camionul respectiv a fost reperat în zona Campbells Creek, potrivindu-se cu acea descriere, a spus Morris.	O camionetă neagră a fost de asemenea văzută în zona Campbells Creek, a spus Morris.	That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
3.2	Președintele Michael Powell și colegii FCC sunt audiați miercuri.	Șeful FCC, Michael Powell, prezidează audierea de luni.	Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.	FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
1.8	Indicele Dow Jones Industrial Average a crescut cu 0,3 procente la 9,886.75, în timp ce Indicele Nasdaq Composite a crescut cu 0,7 la sută mai mult la 1,995.1.	Pe Wall Street, indicele Dow Jones a crescut cu 0,5%, la 9.905,8, iar Nasdaq Composite a crescut cu 0,7% la 1.995,1.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
3.8	Teheranul a precizat că va semna Protocolul adițional care introduce astfel de inspecții numai dacă se va ridica interzicerea importului de tehnologie nucleară civilă occidentală.	Teheran a afirmat că va semna protocolul doar dacă se va ridica interzicerea importurilor de tehnologie nucleară occidentală în scopuri pașnice.	Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
4.6	Congresul a adoptat de două ori restricții similare doar pentru a-l vedea pe președintele Bill Clinton respinzându-le.	Congresul a adoptat de două ori proiecte de lege similare, dar președintele de atunci Clinton le-a respins de două ori.	Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
2.8	Dar aș prefera să vorbesc despre standarde ridicate decât standarde scăzute”.	„Aș prefera să vorbesc mai degrabă despre numere pozitive decât negative.	"But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."""	I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
4.25	În cadrul programului, oficialii SUA colaborează cu autoritățile portuare străine pentru a identifica, viza și căuta marfă cu risc ridicat.	În cadrul programului, oficialii SUA colaborează cu autoritățile portuare străine pentru a căuta marfă cu risc ridicat înainte ca aceasta să poată ajunge în Statele Unite.	Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
3.0	Niels a spus unui intervievator în 1999 că el crede că Bătrânul va trăi mai mult ca el.	În 1999, cu doi ani înainte de moartea sa, domnul Nielsen i-a spus unui intervievator că el crede că roca va trăi mai mult ca el.	Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
0.75	Doar unul, căpitanul Doug McDonald, a rămas internat în stare critică joi.	Sora ei de 20 de ani, Allyson, a fost grav arsă și a rămas internată în stare critică.	One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
4.0	Miercuri, numărul total al membrilor Gărzii Naționale și al Rezervelor chemați la datorie la nivel mondial a rămas la 154,603.	Începând de ieri, numărul total al trupelor Gărzii Naționale și Rezervele chemate la datorie a rămas la 154, 603, la nivel mondial,	On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
3.6	Într-o perioadă de aproape un deceniu, asistenții de telemarketing au strâns peste 7 milioane de dolari.	Asistenții de telemarketing, angajați de VietNow, au strâns 7,1 milioane de dolari din 1987 până în 1995.	During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
2.2	Cadavrele răposatului cetățean din Invercargill, Warren Campbell, în vârstă de 32 de ani, și tovarășul de alpinism Jonathan Smith, în vârstă de 47 de ani, au fost recuperate de sub Muntele D'Archiac ieri dimineață târziu.	Warren David Campbell, în vârstă de 32 de ani, și tovarășul de alpinism Jonathan Smith, în vârstă de 47 de ani, nu s-au întors marți, așa cum era de așteptat, de la urcarea pe Muntele D'Archiac din districtul McKenzie.	The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
2.8	Domnul Geoghan locuia într-o unitate în custodie protectivă de când a fost transferat la închisoare pe 3 aprilie.	El a fost în custodie protectivă de când a fost transferat la Souza-Baranowski în aprilie, au spus oficialii.	Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
3.2	Planul electoral din 2000 al Partidului Democrat a sprijinit „includerea deplină a familiilor gay și lesbiene în viața națiunii”.	Planul electoral din 2000 al Partidului Democrat nu a sprijinit în mod explicit căsătoriile homosexuale, dar a sprijinit „includerea deplină a familiilor homosexuale și lesbiene în viața națiunii”.	"The 2000 Democratic platform supported ""the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."""	"The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed ""the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."""
1.25	Acțiunile sale au scăzut cu 71 de cenți, sau 3,5 la sută, la tranzacționarea de după program, la 19,55 dolari.	Acțiunea a crescut cu 63 de cenți, sau 3 la sută, pentru a închide la 20,26 dolari în tranzacțiile Nasdaq cu sesiune regulată.	Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.	The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
3.0	Sute de reporteri și fotografi au inundat terenul tribunalului înainte de ședință, care a fost transmisă în direct pe rețelele naționale de cablu.	Sute de reporteri și fotografi au inundat orașul și scurta audiere la care era chemat jucătorul de cinci ori selecționat la jocul All-Star găzduit de NBA, a fost transmisă pe rețelele naționale de cablu.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
2.2	Vânzările de cipuri ale AMD au crescut cu 7% față de anul anterior la 402 milioane dolari.	Vânzările din al doilea trimestru au crescut cu 7%, la 645 milioane dolari, de la 600 milioane dolari în 2002.	AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
3.6	Shelia Chaney Wilson părea agitată când a venit să ajute în pregătirea viitoarei aniversări de 104 ani ai Bisericii Metodist-Episcopale Africane Turner Monumental, au spus enoriașii.	Închinătorii Bisericii Metodist-Episcopale Africane Turner Monumental au spus că Sheila Chaney Wilson, în vârstă de 43 de ani, era agitată când a venit la biserică, în cartierul Kirkwood din partea de est a orașului.	Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
4.0	El a fost Asul Diamantelor într-un pachet de cărți care înfățișau fugari irakieni și care a fost eliberat trupelor americane.	El a fost asul diamantelor dintr-un pachet de cărți american, care arăta imagini cu cei mai căutați lideri irakieni.	He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
3.0	Miodrag Zivkovic, din Alianța Liberală din Muntenegru, a câștigat 31% din voturi, în timp ce independentul Dragan Hajdukovic a obținut 4%.	Un radical independent, Miodrag Zivkovic, din Alianța Liberală, a ocupat locul al doilea cu 31% din voturi.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
3.75	Până în prezent, Georgiei i s-au restituit banii pe care i-a transferat, cu excepția a 70.000 de dolari.	Georgia și-a primit banii înapoi cu ajutorul FBI, mai puțin 70,000 de dolari.	So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
5.0	Națiunea insulară a raportat 65 de cazuri noi pe 22 mai, un record de o zi și 55 de cazuri noi pe 23 mai, făcând epidemia din Taiwan drept cea cu cea mai rapidă creștere din lume.	Taiwan a raportat 65 de cazuri noi pe 22 mai, un record de o zi și 55 de cazuri noi pe 23 mai, făcând din epidemia sa cea cu cea mai rapidă creștere din lume.	The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
3.2	Apărătorul de la Cubs Sammy Sosa a fost suspendat pentru opt meciuri vineri de către liga majoră de baseball pentru folosirea unei bâte umplute cu plută.	Sammy Sosa a fost suspendat pentru opt meciuri de baseball din liga majoră vineri pentru că a folosit o bâtă umplută cu plută și a făcut imediat apel la decizie.	Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
3.2	Jumătate dintre femei au primit o doză zilnică de medicament, iar jumătate au luat un placebo.	Jumătate dintre femei au primit zilnic o tabletă cu combinație de estrogen plus progestin, în timp ce restului li s-a administrat un placebo.	Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
3.0	Când poliția i-a îndepărtat pe cei patru din casă, cântăreau 136 de livre împreună.	Fiecare băiețel cântărea mai puțin de 50 de livre când a fost scos din casă pe 10 octombrie.	When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
3.6	În timp ce Ibrahimii au avut o singură operațiune de separare, Goodrich și Dr. David Staffenberg planifică aproximativ trei pentru Aguirre, cu câteva săptămâni între ele.	În loc de o lungă operație de separare a gemenilor, Goodrich și doctorul David Staffenberg planifică aproximativ trei, cu câteva săptămâni între ele.	While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
4.2	Compania s-a extins în furnizarea altor servicii pentru cumpărători, inclusiv servicii de plată.	Compania a extins acele servicii de bază, oferind plăți și chiar finanțare.	The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
1.8	Exploziile au ucis două persoane și au rănit mai mult de 150 de persoane.	Atacul din cadrul Jocurilor Olimpice din Atlanta a ucis o femeie și a rănit alte peste 100 de persoane.	The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
3.231	În 2001, președintele Bush a numit-o pe Kathy Gregg în consiliul de administrație al Asociației de Marketing a împrumuturilor studențești.	În 2001, președintele Bush a numit-o la Asociația de Marketing a împrumuturilor pentru studenți, cel mai mare serviciu de împrumuturi din SUA pentru studenți.	In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
3.0	Arhiepiscopia Bostonului s-a confruntat cu valuri de scandal care nu numai că i-au enervat pe avocații victimelor, ci pe enoriași și pe unii preoți.	Valurile de scandal i-au enervat nu numai pe avocații victimelor, ci pe enoriași și pe unii preoți, până la punctul în care Law nu mai putea conduce arhiepiscopia.	The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
3.0	Un magistrat federal din Fort Lauderdale l-a ordonat să fie reținut fără cauțiune.	Zuccarini a fost ordonat să fie reținut fără cauțiune miercuri de un judecător federal din Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
3.75	Poziția departamentului amenință să-i îndepărteze pe conservatorii sociali, care au oferit un sprijin politic puternic domnului Ashcroft și președintelui Bush.	Poziția departamentului a dezamăgit unii oponenți ai avortului și amenință să-i îndepărteze pe conservatorii sociali care au oferit un sprijin politic puternic pentru Ashcroft și președintele Bush.	The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
5.0	Africa de Sud are cel mai mare număr de cazuri din lume, cu 4,7 milioane de persoane infectate cu HIV sau SIDA.	Cu 4,7 milioane de persoane infectate cu HIV sau SIDA, Africa de Sud are cel mai mare număr de cazuri din lume.	South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
3.4	În acea poziție, Elias îi va raporta lui Joe Tucci, președinte și CEO EMC.	În calitate de vicepreședinte executiv al noilor întreprinderi, Elias îi va raporta lui Joe Tucci, președintele și directorul executiv al EMC.	In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
3.2	Noul comandant al armatei este ofițerul comandant al Brigăzii Blindate Masaka, brigadierul Aronda Nyakairima, care este acum promovat general-maior.	PREȘEDINTELE Yoweri Museveni l-a promovat pe brigadierul Aronda Nyakairima la general-maior și l-a numit comandant al armatei.	The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
2.8	Mailblocks a fost fondată la cinci ani după ce WebTV a fost achiziționată de Microsoft pentru 425 milioane de dolari.	WebTV a fost vândut către Microsoft în 1997 pentru 425 milioane dolari și astăzi se numește MSN TV.	Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
2.8	Autoritatea de transport metropolitan a primit două săptămâni pentru a restabili tariful de 1,50 USD și vechile tarife ale căilor ferate de navetă, a declarat York.	Autorității de transport metropolitan, care intenționează să facă un apel, i-a fost dată până pe 28 mai să restabilească vechiul tarif al metroului și autobuzului și vechile tarife ale căilor ferate de navetă.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
4.6	„Astăzi încercăm să transmitem această problemă președintelui rus Vladimir Putin și președintelui SUA George W Bush.”	„Astăzi încercăm să transmitem această problemă președintelui rus Vladimir Putin (știri - site-uri web) și președintelui Bush (știri - site-uri web)”.	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush.	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
3.2	Statul vrea să omoare lupii într-o zonă de aproximativ 1.700 de mile pătrate, lângă satul McGrath.	Statul dorește să omoare lupii într-o zonă de aproximativ 1.700 de mile pătrate, lângă McGrath, pentru a înființa un fel de grădinițe pentru elani.	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
3.0	Peterson a spus poliției că a pescuit singur în Golful San Francisco în ajunul Crăciunului, întorcându-se într-o casă goală.	Peterson a spus poliției că și-a lăsat soția acasă la aproximativ 9:30 dimineața pe 24 decembrie pentru a pescui singur în Golful San Francisco.	Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.	Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
3.8	Sondajul Empire State realizat de Fed a depășit cu mult așteptările sărind la 26,8 în iunie, un record, de la 10,6 în mai.	Prețurile s-au retras de la maximele investițiilor din străinătate atunci când sondajul Empire State a depășit cu mult așteptările, sărind la 26,8 în iunie, un record, de la 10,6 în mai.	The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
4.5	Detectiv inspector-șef Norman McKinlay a spus că există „dovezi cum că un cadavru sau mai multe au fost în această zonă”.	Detectiv inspector-șef Norman McKinlay, care conducea ancheta, a declarat: „Există dovezi că un cadavru sau mai multe au fost în această zonă”.	"Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was ""evidence a body or bodies have been in this area""."	"Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: ""There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area."
3.0	Cancelarul consiliului, Robert Bennett, a refuzat să comenteze cu privire la problemele legate de personal marți, la fel ca Mills.	Domnul Mills a refuzat să comenteze ieri, mărturisind că nu a vorbit niciodată despre problemele personalului.	Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
4.727	Generalul Jeffery a afirmat că va da spre caritate penisa militară aferentă perioadei în care și-a exercitat funcția de conducere la Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery a spus că ar vrea să-și doneze pensia militară către asociații de caritate cât timp el va fi înnrolat în aramtă în Yarralumla.	General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
3.8	Managerul Tampa Bay, Lou Piniella, antrenorul de bancă John McLaren și fundașul dreapta Aubrey Huff au fost expulzați pentru că s-au certat după ce Huff a fost chemat la greve pentru a pune capăt celui de-al nouălea.	Managerul Tampa Bay, Lou Piniella, antrenorul de bancă John McLaren și Huff au fost expulzați la mijlocul celui de-al nouălea.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
3.0	Întreprinderea deține cinci rafinării de petrol și peste 2.100 de stații de alimentare în Rusia și Ucraina.	TNK-BP are șase unități producătoare de petrol, cinci rafinării și 2.100 de stații de alimentare.	The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
4.6	Alte modificări ale planului îmbunătățesc viziunea sa inițială, a spus Libeskind.	Multe schimbări au îmbunătățit planul original, a spus Libeskind.	Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
2.0	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Florida, a criticat eforturile FDA din Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., a spus că el vrea să-i felicite pe cei din FDA.	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
1.5	Acum sunt doar 37 de cazuri probabil active in GTA, comparativ cu 70, cum erau în 6 iunie.	Și, la nivel global, numărul cazurilor probabil active a scăzut la 573.	There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
3.2	SARS a ucis 296 de oameni pe continetul Chinei și a infectat mai mult de 5.270.	Pe tot continentul Chinei, boala a ucis 300 de persoane și a infectat mai mult de 5.270.	SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
3.0	Reproiectat, Finder oferă un motor de căutare, etichete colorate pentru organizarea personalizată a documentelor și proiectelor și navigarea dinamică a rețelei pentru serverele de fișiere de la Mac, Windows și UNIX.	De asemenea, permite etichete colorate pentru a organiza mai bine documentele, dar și o navigare dinamică a rețelei pentru serverele de fișiere de la Mac, Windows și UNIX	The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
2.75	Avocatul, Rich Marsden, care îl reprezenta pe Torch Concepts, nu a răspuns la multe din apelurile telefonice.	Reprezentanții Torch și JetBlue nu au răspuns în mod repetat la apelurile telefonice din partea Mercury News, care solicitau răspunsuri.	The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
4.5	El a fost castrat în 2011, în mod voluntar, operația pe care a săvârșit-o făcându-l impotent.	DeVries, a fost castrat în mod voluntar în anul 2011, a mărturisit că operația l-a făcut impotent.	He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
1.0	Indicele compozit S&P/TSX a crescut cu 87,74 puncte în timpul săptămânii, în timp ce indicele compozit TSX Venture Exchange a câștigat 44,49 puncte.	În timpul săptămânii, media industrială Dow Jones a crescut cu 11.56 puncte, în timp ce media industrială Nasdaq Stock Market a crescut cu 39.42 puncte.	The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
3.75	La rândul său, SuSE va lincenția ediția a 2-a Java Standard, în același timp prevăzând o înțelegere de distribuție a Sun's Java Virtual Machine pentru a funcționa aplicațiile Java.	SuSE stabilit în Nuremberg, Germania, va licenția a 2-a ediție standard Sun Java (J2SE) și va tranzacționa programul Sun's Java Virtual Machine către software-ul său, Linux.	In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
4.5	S-au format cozi lungi în fața benzinăriei, iar oamenii s-au grăbit să scoată bani de la ATM-uri în ziua de duminică, în timp ce israelienii se pregăteau să treacă prin o revoltă, care se preconiza că poate să țină țara în loc.	S-au format cozi lungi în fața benzinăriei, iar oamenii s-au grăbit să scoată bani de la ATM-uri în ziua de duminică, în timp ce israelienii se pregăteau pentru efectele revoltei.	Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
1.5	Indicele compozit Nasdaq din sfera high-tech a căzut cu 3,99 puncte, sau 0,2 procente, până la 1682,72, după două zile în care câștigase 55,93.	Indicele compozit legat de tehnologie Nasdaq a pierdut 8,52 puncte, sau 0,51 procente, până la valoarea de 1670,21.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
2.0	Nu știm dacă vreunul va avea SARS, a spus dr. James Young, comisarul pentru siguranță publică din Ontario.	„Suntem hiper-vigilenți”, a spus dr. James Young, comisarul pentru siguranță publică din Ontario.	"We don't know if any will be SARS,"" said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."	We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
4.0	Reducerile de la sfertul perioadei, au depășit așteptările, crescând cu 37 de procente de la an la an și atingând suma de 1.76 miliarde de euro.	Reducerile s-au ridicat cu 37 de procente de la an la an, atingând suma de 1.76 miliarde, depășind așteptările.	Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
3.2	Compania a afirmat că va solicita luna viitoare, când va lansa rezultatele Q2, revizuirea ghidului pentru întregul an fiscal.	Compania a declarat că va reînnoi ghidul pentru 2003, când va anunța la mijlocul lui iulie, rezultatele sale care corespund celui de al doilea trimestru.	The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
4.0	„Nu am decis încă dacă să folosim o linie albă întreruptă sau continuă, dar acesta este un experiment care merită introdus”, a spus David Richardson, managerul ICC al echipei de cricket.	„Nu am decis încă dacă să folosim o linie albă întreruptă sau continuă”, a spus David Richardson, managerul ICC al echipei de cricket.	We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
3.0	Shinseki se va pensiona miercuri, după o careră de 38 de ani care a inclus lupta în Vietnam și funcția de conducere a eforturilor de menținere a păcii realizate de S.U.A. în Bosnia.	Cariera lui Shinseki a inclus lupta în Vietnam și funcția de conducere de menținerii a păcii din S.U.A. în Bosnia.	Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
3.25	Departamentul a trimis, de asemenea, probele de apă și sol către laboratorul sănătății de stat.	Probele de apă sunt trimise către departamentul de sănătate de stat pentru analiză.	The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
3.4	„Dar asta nu îi scutește de obligația de face tot ce le stă în putință pentru a proteja cetățenii, în contradictoriu cu ceea ce observăm”.	„Dar asta nu îi scutește de obligația de face tot ce le stă în putință pentru a minimiza daunele aduse cetățenilor.”	But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.	But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
2.0	Ross Garber, avocatul lui Rowland, a spus ca joi va fi prezent la ședința și că va cere să vorbească despre problemă.	Ross Garber, consilierul legal a lui Rowland, a spus că ministrul nu va avea nimic de comentat cu privire la afacerea cu imobile.	Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
3.4	El a văzut anterior mecanicul de la Java de est care rânjea doar la la televizor.	Domnul Hughes văzuse chipul lui Amrozi la televizor, imaginile infame ale mecanicului de la Java de est care rânjea.	Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
2.8	Doi ani mai târziu, acoperirea asigurărilor ar începe.	Conform acordului, acoperirea Medicare pentru beneficiile de medicamente ar începe în 2006.	Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
3.2	Imaginile din satelit ale NASA arată că gheața arctică s-a micșorat cu o rată de aproape 10% pe parcursul unui deceniu.	Cercetătorii au descoperit că gheața din apa Arcticului dispare cu o rată de 9% în fiecare deceniu.	NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
3.2	„Produsele biotech sunt cu certitudine mai sigure decât produsele obișnuite datorită testării masive”, a spus Fraley, adăugând ca 18 țări au adaptat biotehnologia.	„Produsele biotech sunt cu certitudine mai sigure decât produsele obișnuite datorită testării masive”, a spus Robert Fraley, vicepreședintele executiv al Monsanto.	Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
4.75	Un profesor cu calificări de masterand, recunoscute de comitetul național, Kelly a câștigat un salariu de 65.000 de dolari după cei 30 de ani ai săi de lucru în domeniu.	O profesoară cu calificări recunoscute de comitetul național, care are diploma de master pe nume Kelly, câștigă un salariu de 65.000 de dolari în cei 30 de ani ai săi de lucru în domeniu.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
3.25	În Viena, cei de la IAEA au spus că ElBaradei ar accepta invitația, chiar dacă nu a fost înca stabilită data.	În Viena, cei de la International Atomic Energy Agency au spus luni că ElBaradei a acceptat invitația Iranului, chiar dacă nu a fost înca stabilită data.	In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
4.25	Epidemia a început în noiembrie în centrul provinciei Guangdong, dar republica chineză a refuzat să raporteze sincer informații despre răspândirea acestea din următoarele patru luni.	Epidemia a început în noiembrie în centrul provinciei Guangdong, dar Partidul Comunist al Republicii Chineze a refuzat să raporteze sincer informații despre răspândirea din ultimele patru luni.	The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
5.0	Druce se va confrunta cu acuzații de crimă, a spus Conte.	Conte a spus că Druce va fi acuzat de crimă.	Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
1.6	Comparativ cu perioada din anul trecut este o sumă de 35.18 milioane de dolari sau de 24 de cenți per acțiune.	Câștigurile au fost afectate de o taxă de 8 milioane de dolari nerambursabilă.	That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
3.8	Nick Markakis, un stângaci din Colegiul Young Harris Junior din Georgia, a mers la Orioles cu cea de a șaptea alegere.	Apoi, Baltimore l-a luat pe Nick Markakis, un conducător de meci stânga și outfielderul din Young Harris Junior College din Georgia.	Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
3.5	Ne păstrăm speranța că orașul va fi de acord să lucreze cu noi și se va angaja la discuții cu bună credință pe această temă.	Alhart a spus că ministrul „rămâne plin de speranță, că orașul va continua să lucreze cu noi și se va angaja în discuții cu bună credință”.	"We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."""	"Alhart said the governor ""remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."""
4.75	Unele femei, de asemenea se îngrijorează în legătură cu mai multe femei decât oricând optează pentru operații estetice în dorința de a avea un corp perfect.	Unele femei, de asemenea își exprimă temerea în legătură cu o societate în care mai mulți oameni decât oricând optează pentru operații estetice în dorința de a avea un corp perfect.	Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
3.0	Observația a fost prima dată raportată vineri de MSNBC.	MSNBC.com a raportat pentru prima oară cererea celor de la CIA, vineri.	The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
3.0	Cu toate acestea, nu există nicio poză cu Peter Hollingworth din iunie după examinările lui Herald de ieri.	Cu toate acestea, nu există nicio poză cu Peter Hollingworth din iunie după examinările revistei The Age de ieri.	There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
3.25	Continuăm să lucrăm cu cei de la Saudiții la aceasta, cu toate că în aceste timpuri tragice nu au asigurat securitatea suficientă pe care a cerut-o.	Dar ei nu au asigurat securitatea e care am cerut-o în contextul acestor timpuri tragice, a spus domnul Jordan.	We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested.	But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested, Mr Jordan said.
3.25	Într-o declarație publicată de DEI a spus că Green v-a începe să conducă mașina provizoriu începând de săptămâna viitoare în Winston Open la Lowe's Motor Speedway.	A fost anunțat că Green îl va înlocui pe Park în nr. 1 Chevrolet al Dale Earnhardt Inc., începând cu Winston Open de săptămâna viitoare, desfășurată la Loew's Motor Speedway.	A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
3.75	Adversarul din semifinala lui Costa este spaniolul Juan Carlos Ferrero, pe care l-a învins în finala anului trecut.	Costa îl va înfrunta pe Juan Carlos Ferrero într-o revanșă a finalei de anul trecut.	Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
4.25	Medicii au speculat că estrogenul corpului protejează împotriva deteriorării celulelor și îmbunătățește fluxul sanguin.	Credința lor s-a bazat pe speculații că estrogenul previne deteriorarea celulelor și îmbunătățește fluxul sanguin.	Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
1.2	Indicele compozit Nasdaq <.IXIC>, legat de tehnologie, a adăugat 8,27 puncte, sau 0,51 la sută, la 1.633,53.	Indicele mai larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a crescut cu 4,3 puncte, sau 0,44 la sută, până la 980,52.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
5.0	Niciun american nu a fost raportat printre victime, potrivit căpitanului Michael Calvert, purtător de cuvânt al regimentului.	Niciuna dintre victime nu a fost americană, a declarat căpitanul Michael Calvert, purtătorul de cuvânt al regimentului.	No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
3.0	Credem că au dreptul să aleagă.	„Credem că dreptul de a alege trebuie să revină clienților PeopleSoft”, a spus Ellison.	We think they have the right to choose.	We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
3.6	„Am găsit dovada concretă”, a declarat Scott Hubbard, membru al comisiei de anchetă.	„Am găsit dovada faptei”, a spus Hubbard, directorul Centrului de Cercetare Ames al NASA din California.	We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
1.8	„Acest copil a fost literalmente neglijat până la moarte”, a declarat procurorul județului Armstrong, Scott Andreassi.	Procurorul județului Armstrong, Scott Andreassi, a declarat că numeroasele fotografii de familie din casă nu o includeau pe Kristen.	This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
4.0	Microsoft a declarat vineri că oprește dezvoltarea viitoarelor versiuni Macintosh ale browserului său, Internet Explorer, invocând concurența browserul Safari al Apple Computer.	Microsoft va înceta să dezvolte versiuni ale software-ului său pentru browser, Internet Explorer pentru computerele Macintosh, spunând că Safari, al Apple-ului este acum tot de ce are nevoie Apple.	Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
3.8	Chapman nu a fost arestat imediat și se așteaptă să apară pentru trimitere în judecată pe 3 iulie.	Domnul Chapman, care nu a fost arestat, se așteaptă să apară pentru acuzare joi, au declarat procurorii.	Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
2.4	Președintele Bush a strâns un record de 49,5 milioane de dolari pentru campania sa de realegere în ultimele trei luni, cu contribuții de la 262.000 de americani, a declarat marți președintele campaniei.	Președintele Bush a strâns 83,9 milioane de dolari de la începerea campaniei sale de realegere în luna mai, și mai are de cheltuit 70 de milioane de dolari, a declarat marți campania sa.	President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
2.8	Autoritățile din Ohio, Indiana și Michigan au căutat cadavrele.	Până în prezent, autoritățile au căutat și zone din Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana și Michigan.	Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
3.2	El a spus că guvernele europene au blocat toate noile bioculturi pe motive nefondate și non-științifice.	„Au blocat noile bioculturi din cauza termenilor nefondați și neștiințifici”, a spus Bush.	"He said European governments ""have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."	They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
3.0	O întrebare a fost dacă Franța, care înfuriat Washingtonul aducând acuzația împotriva aprobării ONU pentru război, ar vota da, sau s-ar abține.	Franța, care a înfuriat Washingtonul aducând acuzația împotriva aprobării ONU pentru război, a căutat, de asemenea, schimbări.	"One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote ""Yes"" or abstain."	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
3.4	Procurorul județului Luzerne, David Lupas, a declarat luni într-o conferință de presă că autoritățile „continuă să facă progrese semnificative în caz”.	Nu au fost depuse acuzații pentru aceste decese, dar procurorul județului Luzerne, David Lupas, a declarat că autoritățile „continuă să facă progrese semnificative în caz”.	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	"No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were ""continuing to make significant progress"" in the case."
3.8	Consiliul de administrație al S.U.A. a declarat că ultima sa măsură în afaceri a atins 60, după ce a scăzut la 53 în sondajul din primul trimestru.	Conference Board a declarat că măsura sa în afaceri, care a scăzut la 53 în primul trimestru al anului 2003, s-a îmbunătățit la 60 cel mai recent, în al doilea trimestru.	The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
3.25	Reprezentanții săi legali au început să se întâlnească săptămâna trecută cu avocații reclamanților pentru a discuta o soluționare.	Avocații atât pentru arhiepiscopie, cât și pentru reclamanți au început să se întâlnească săptămâna trecută pentru a ajunge la soluționarea extrajudiciară.	Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
1.5	Seniorii ar trebui apoi să plătească 50 la sută din costurile lor de medicamente, până la 3.450 de dolari.	Mai mult decât atât, Medicare ar plăti 90 la sută din toate costurile medicamentelor.	Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
2.8	Antreprenorul a semnalat planul după o întâlnire la Londra cu ministrul australian al turismului, Joe Hockey.	Domnul Richard vorbea după o întâlnire la Londra cu ministrul australian al turismului, Joe Hockey.	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
3.2	Obligațiunile de stat s-au vândut rapid după ce Greenspan a declarat marți Congresului că economia americană „ar putea foarte bine să intre într-o perioadă de creștere susținută”.	Greenspan a declarat marți Congresului că economia SUA „ar putea foarte bine să înceapă o perioadă de creștere susținută”.	"Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy ""could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth""."	"Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy ""could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth""."
2.0	Pentru Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), casa înseamnă stabilitate și familie.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) este disperată că familia ei nu va afla că viața ei a fost distrusă.	For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
3.4	Indicele activității non-producție al Institutului pentru Managementul Aprovizionării a crescut în mod neașteptat în luna aprilie, se arată în rapoarte.	Institutul pentru Managementul Aprovizionării a declarat că indicele său de activitate non-producție a crescut la 50,7 de la 47,9 în martie.	The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
4.6	Purtătorul de cuvânt al OMS, Maria Cheng, a fost de acord, spunând: „Arată mult ca un eveniment izolat”.	„Arată foarte mult ca un eveniment izolat”, a spus purtătoarea de cuvânt a Organizației Mondiale a Sănătății, Maria Cheng.	"WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: ""It looks very much like an isolated event."""	It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
3.25	Poliția a spus că cei doi copii ai ei au fost lăsați singuri în apartament pentru două zile.	Poliția a spus că cei doi copii ai ei au fost lăsați singuri în apartament două zile, timp în care ea zăcea moartă.	Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
3.75	Preotul, reverendul John F. Johnston, 64 de ani, de pe 35th Avenue din Jackson Heights, a fost acuzat de hărțuire și deținerea ilegală a unei arme.	Reverendul John Johnston, în vârstă de 64 de ani, a fost acuzat de hărțuire în cazul apelului telefonic și de deținere ilegală a unei arme, potrivit unei declarații a poliției.	The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
4.5	Acordul include 4,1 milioane de dolari în onorarii și cheltuieli pentru avocați.	Avocații reclamanților vor primi 4,1 milioane de dolari decontare.	The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
3.667	Trei voturi împotrivă l-ar ucide momentan.	Ar fi nevoie de trei voturi pentru a omorî expansiunea ACC.	Three no votes would kill it for now.	It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
3.333	Aproximativ 660 de prizonieri din 42 de țări, inclusiv Canada, sunt deținuți, mulți capturați în timpul războiului împotriva rețelei al-Qaida din Afganistan.	Aproximativ 660 de prizonieri din 42 de țări sunt prizonieri la baza navală din Golful Guantanamo, mulți fiind capturați în timpul războiului împotriva Al Qaeda din Afganistan.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
1.0	Pentru a ajunge la John A. Dvorak, care este responsabil pentru Kansas, sunați la (816) 234-7743 sau trimiteți un e-mail la jdvorak@kctar.com.	Pentru a ajunge la Brad Cooper, reporter municipal Johnson County, sunați la (816) 234-7724 sau trimiteți un e-mail la bcooper@kcstar.com.	To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
1.0	Procurorul Jim Hardin a declarat victoria pentru familia lui Kathleen Peterson.	Membrii familei lui Kathleen Peterson nu au fost prezenți.	Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
5.0	„Și acum este tot ce vrea să spună”, a spus săptămâna aceasta Alesha Badgley, directorul social al Centrului de Asistență și Reabilitare din Stone County.	„Și acum este tot ce vrea să spună”, a confirmat directorul social al Centrului de Asistență și Reabilitare Stone County, Alesha Badgley.	"And now it's anything he wants to say,"" Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week."	"And now it's anything he wants to say,"" confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley."
5.0	Denumirea națională a Bisericii Episcopale, cu 2,3 ​​milioane de membri, este ramura din SUA a Comuniunii Anglicane de 77 de milioane de membri.	Biserica Episcopală, cu 2,3 ​​milioane de membri, este ramura americană a comuniunii anglicane din întreaga lume, care are 77 de milioane de adepți.	The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
3.4	„Mă simt încrezător spunând că HP nu mai este o poveste de integrare”, a spus Fiorina.	„Mai avem multe de făcut, dar sunt încrezător că HP nu mai este o poveste de integrare”.	I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.	We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
3.5	Poliția britanică a arestat 21 de oameni marțea devreme, în legătură cu presupusul omor ritualistic al unui băiat african, al cărui trunchi a fost găsit în râul Tamisa.	Poliția a arestat 21 de oameni în legătură cu uciderea unui copil nigerian, al cărui trunchi decapitat și dezmembrat a fost găsit plutind în râul Tamisa.	British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
1.25	Până pe înserate, industriala Dow Jones a crescut cu 12.81 sau 0.1 procente, la 9.331.77 și a avansat cu 201 puncte luni, ajungând la cel mai înalt nivel atins vreodată din iulie 2002 încoace.	În tranzacționarea de dimineață, media industrialei Dow Jones a scăzut cu 8.76 sau 0.1 procente, la 9.310.20, câștigând 201 puncte luni.	By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
3.25	Eric Gagne a lansat perfect în repriza a 9-a pentru cea de-a 23-a punctare din tot atâtea ocazii.	Eric Gragne a marcat două lovituri într-o repriză perfectă pentru a 23-a punctare.	Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
3.25	Acțiunile au fost închise pe NASDAQ chiar sub punctul lor de maxim din săptămâna 52, la 32.17$, crescut cu 1.54$.	Tranzacționarea acțiunilor firmei EchoStar a fost închisă marți la punctul lor de maxim, atins în săptămâna 52 la 32.17$, crescut cu 1.54$.	Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
3.75	Janice Kelly a spus că soțul ei a primit asigurări de la înalți oficiali ai Ministerului Apărării cum că numele său nu va fi făcut public.	Ea a declarat anchetei că soțul ei a primit asigurări de la managerul său de linie și de la înalți oficiali ai ministerului că, atunci când va prezenta, numele său nu va fi făcut public.	Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
3.25	Dacă sunt condamnați, se confruntă cu până la cinci ani de închisoare și o amendă de 250.000 de dolari pentru fiecare dintre cele 11 acuzații.	Dacă sunt condamnați, fiecare se confruntă cu până la cinci ani de închisoare și cu o amendă de 250.000 dolari sau mai mult, în funcție de suma implicată.	If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
3.6	Obligațiunile corporative din SUA au avut randament redus în tranzacționările neregulate de vineri, în timp ce Wall Street a muncit să se repună pe picioare după cea mai mare întrerupere a energiei electrice din America de Nord.	Acțiunile din SUA au crescut, pe măsură ce Wall Street s-a regrupat după cea mai mare întrerupere de energie electrică din America de Nord.	U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
4.4	Evacuarea a mers fără probleme, chiar dacă pasagerilor nu li s-a spus ce se întâmplă, a spus Hunt.	Pasagerii au fost evacuați fără probleme, chiar dacă nu li s-a spus ce se întâmplă, a spus el.	Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
3.6	Între 1993 și 2002, au fost raportate 142 de acuzații de agresiune sexuală.	Din 1993 până în 2002, au fost raportate 142 de agresiuni sexuale la academie.	Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
3.75	Smith pur și simplu a spus „Oh, Doamne!”, în secunda următoare, după spusele lui Weinshall.	După câteva secunde de la prăbușire, Căpitanul Smith pur și simplu a spus „Oh, Doamne!”.	"Smith said simply ""Oh, my God,"" in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall."	"In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, ""Oh my God."""
2.5	Cooley a spus că se așteaptă ca Muhammad să fie chemat, de asemenea, ca martor la o audiere preliminară pentru Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo va fi chemat martor miercuri într-o audiere preliminară pentru colegul lunetist suspect, John Allen Muhammad.	Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
3.25	„Ne-a lăsat într-adevăr cu un zâmbet pe buze și fără ultimele cuvinte”, a spus fiica lui, Linda Hope.	„Ne-a lăsat într-adevăr cu un zâmbet pe buze și fără ultime cuvinte ... Ne-a dat fiecăruia un sărut și asta a fost”, a spus ea.	He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.	He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
3.333	De asemenea, ar putea fi exclus din industria valorilor mobiliare.	Young se confruntă cu o amendă, cu suspendare sau cu o excludere permanentă din industria valorilor mobiliare.	He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
3.0	„Erau un cuplu inspirațional, altruist și curajos”, a spus regizorul câștigător de Oscar.	El a spus: „Erau un cuplu inspirațional, altruist și curajos.	They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.	He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
2.2	O a doua victimă, Michael Walker, în vârstă de 23 de ani, a fost lovită în piept, glonțul perforându-i plămânul.	Cealaltă victimă, Michael Walker, domicilată pe strada Barbey 550, a fost lovită la gât.	A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
4.6	Într-un interviu, Healey, fiind criminolog, a recunoscut că o mare parte dintre legislatorii de aici și din întreaga țară tratează pedeapsa capitală cu prudență.	Într-un interviu, doamna Haelay, fiind un criminolog, afirmă faptul că mulți legiuitori de aici și din întreaga țară împărtășesc un sentiment de prudență față de pedeapsa capitală.	In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
3.2	Judecătorul executiv Teresa Barton al regiunii Franklin a spus că un pompier a fost lovit de un fulger și dus la Centrul Medical Regional Frankfort.	Un pompier al regiunii, lovit de un fulger, a ajuns într-o stare stabilă la Centrul Medical Regional Frankfort.	Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
5.0	Purtătorul de cuvânt al poliției, brigadierul general Edward Aritonang a confirmat faptul că in ziua de Sâmbătă încă două persoane au fost arestate, una în Jakarta și una în Magelang, Java Centrală.	Brigadierul general Edward Aritonang, un purtător de cuvânt al poliției, a confirmat ieri faptul că înca două persoane au fost arestate, una în Jakarta și alta in Megalang, Java Centrală.	Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
3.6	Judecătorul federal William Barbour a declarat în ziua de marți că a impus sentința maximă asupra lui Avants deorece acesta nu a arătat remușcări în uciderea brutală.	Judecătorul districtual american, William Barbour, a declarat impunerea sentinței maxime deorece Avants nu a arătat remușcări.	Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
3.2	Aproximativ 120 de potențiali jurați au fost rugați să completeze un chestionar îndelungat.	Jurații au fost duși în sala de judecată în grupuri de 40 de persoane și au fost rugați să completeze un chestionar.	About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
4.6	De asemenea, au fost aleși cinci jurați secundari, cu un ultim plan stabilit vineri dimineață din comisie.	Au fost selectați și cinci jurați secundari, cu un al șaselea secund care va fi ales vineri.	Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
3.8	Ferma California Bureau nu au apelat imediat înapoi pentru a afla un răspuns.	Ferma California Bureau nu au avut un răspuns imediat pentru decizia de marți.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
3.4	Dar premierul a declarat pentru BBC că nu este deranjat de sondaje și că va continua să facă ceea ce credea el cu putință că este corect.	El a spus că nu este deranjat de sondaje și că va continua să facă ceea ce credea el cu putință, atât în ​​politica externă, cât și în cea internă.	But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
3.6	Gen. Sattler conduce o forță de lucru mixtă combinată, bazată pe o navă în Golful Aden și una în Oceanul Indian.	Generalul Sattler conduce un grup de lucru mixt, combinat la bordul navei de comandă Mount Whitney.	Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
2.2	Analiștii din Wall Street se așteptau la 22 de cenți pe acțiune, potrivit Thomson First Call.	Rezultatele au fost cu o cotă de 3 cenți mai mică decât prognoza analiștilor chestionați de Thomson First Call.	Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
3.6	Hotărârea juridică este urmată de trei zile de speculații intense pe care Hewlett-Packard Co. le-ar putea licita pentru companie.	Hotărârea legală este urmată de trei zile de volatilitate sălbatică în stocul RIM din cauza speculațiilor care spun că gigantul PC Hewlett-Packard Co. ar putea licita compania.	The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
3.8	Constatările au fost publicate în numărul din 1 iulie al Annals of Internal Medicine.	Constatările sunt publicate astăzi în Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
4.0	Măsurile ar putea fi luate de plenul Senatului încă de vineri.	Ratliff a spus că speră să aducă cele două măsuri în plenul Senatului până vineri.	The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
1.733	Purtătorul de cuvânt al Enron, Eric Thode, a refuzat să comenteze medierea părților.	„Credem că sunt niște vești minunate”, a spus Eric Thode, purtătorul de cuvânt al Enron.	Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
4.0	Analiștii Departamentului Muncii consideră că statisticile de salarizare din sondajul întreprinderilor oferă o imagine mai exactă a economiei, deoarece cifrele sondajului se bazează pe un eșantion mai mare.	Analiștii au spus că sunt de părere că statisticile privind salariile oferă o imagine mai exactă a economiei, deoarece se bazează pe un eșantion mai mare.	Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
2.8	Părinții vor să o țină în viață; soțul ei spune că ea niciodată nu a vrut să fie ținută în viață în mod artificial.	Michael Schiavo a susținut că soția sa nu a vrut niciodată să fie ținută în viață artificial.	The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
3.2	Mai devreme el le-a spus celor de la Inter-Radio Franța: „Cred că putem clasifica ceea ce se petrece acum ca o adevărată epidemie”.	„Cred că putem clasifica ceea ce se petrece ca o adevărată epidemie”, a spus ministrul sănătății, Jean-Francois Mattei, la Inter-Radio Franța.	"Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, ""I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."""	I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
1.8	Terri Schiavo, în vârstă de 39 de ani, este așteptată să moară la ospuiciul din regiunea Tampa Bay unde a trăit pentru câțiva ani, a spus tatăl ei, Bob Schindler.	Terri Schiavo, în vârstă de 39 de ani, a fost supusă procedurii la spitalul din regiunea Tampa Bay unde a trăit pentru câțiva ani, a spus tatăl ei, Bob Schindler.	Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
3.75	Înainte de a intra în Kodak, Palumbo a lucrat pentru Procter&Gamble Corp, unde gestiona produse precum șampoanele Folgers și Pantenne.	Înainte de a intra în Eastman Kodak, Domnul Palumbo a deținut funcții înalte de marketing pentru Protecter&Gamble.	Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
3.75	Domnul McDevitt a primit controlul a trei aspecte cruciale ale poliției din Solomons.	Domnului McDevitt i s-a acordat controlul a trei aspecte ale poliției de către Comisarul William Morrell.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
2.909	Oficialii de la pista de curse North Carolina din Rockingham nu au putut fi contactați.	Oficialii NASCAR nu au putut fi contactați marți pentru comentarii.	Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
3.4	Ei au spus că au luat copilul sub observație la Centrul Medical Județean Nassau.	Băiatul a fost dus la Centrul Medical al Universității Nassau, unde personalul a spus că „o duce ok”.	They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	"The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was ""doing okay."""
3.6	Tisha Kresler, o purtătoare de cuvânt a Global Crossing, a refuzat să răspundă.	Un reprezentant Global Crossing nu a avut niciun comentariu imediat.	Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
2.6	Sindicatele au organizat, de asemenea, o grevă în martie ce a durat cinci zile, care a forțat totul, mai puțin una dintre sălile de mese ale lui Yale, să se închidă.	Sindicatele au organizat, de asemenea, o grevă în martie ce a durat cinci zile, grevele au anticipat 8 din ultimele 10 contracte.	The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
3.8	Guvernantul Rick Perry a spus că, deși se opune răspândirii jocurilor de noroc, el ar fi reticent în deciderea continuării Comisiei de Loterie.	Guvernatorul Rick Perry se opune extinderii jocurilor de noroc, dar a spus că ar fi „apăsat” să vetoeze factura de la apusul loteriei.	Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	"Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be ""hard-pressed"" to veto the lottery sunset bill."
1.6	În tranzacționarea de la miazăzi, indicele compozit NASDAQ a crescut cu 8.34 sau 0.5 procente, la 1,790.47.	Indicele compozit NASDAQ .IXIC a marcat 8.59 puncte sau 0.48 procente, la 1,773.54.	In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
3.8	În Kentucky, procurorul general democratic Ben Chandler îl înfruntă pe reprezentantul SUA Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: republicanul Ernie Fletcher, un membru al Camerei cu trei mandate, se luptă cu procurorul general al statului democratic, Ben Chandler.	In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
3.4	Media industriei The Dow Jones a scăzut cu 98.32, sau aproape cu 1.1 la sută, până la 9011.53.	Media industriei The Dow Jones au încheiat ziua cu 98.32 de puncte în scădere, la 9,011.53 puncte.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
2.5	Planul 401(k) al lui Enron a acoperit cheltuielile a 20.000 de muncitori, pensionari și beneficiari.	Acțiunile lui Enron au cuprins până la 61% din portofoliile muncitorilor planului 401(k).	Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
3.75	Comitetul judiciar al Senatului din SUA a depășit ieri un obstacol semnificativ în bătălia creării unui fond de încredere acordat victimelor expuse la azbest.	Comitetul judiciar al Senatului din SUA a depășit marți un obstacol semnificativ în bătălia creării unui fond de încredere acordat victimelor expuse la azbest, deși cu toate acestea încă rămân obstacole dificile de trecut.	The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
3.167	Dar ea nu a menționat dacă va autentifica bugetul de 117.4 miliarde de dolari pentru 2004-2005.	Ea a spus că momentan nu știe dacă va certifica bugetul.	But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
2.5	Ar fi complicat să supraestimăm pericolele potențiale ale vulnerabilității Procedurii de Apel la Distanță (PAD).	Defectul implică protocolul RPC, care se ocupă cu comunicațiile între calculatoare.	It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
4.25	Deși obezitatea poate crește riscul problemelor de sănătate, persoanele sceptice spun că și fumatul și colesterolul crescut fac același lucru.	Deși obezitatea poate crește riscul problemelor de sănătate, persoanele sceptice spun că și fumatul și colesterolul crescut fac același lucru, iar ele nu sunt considerate boli.	Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
2.75	Michelle Wie a câștigat duminică, pentru prima oară la cupa Virada Nirapathpongporn în cea de a 27-a ediție a campionatului public american amator feminin Links.	Acum ea are primul trofeu după victoria de duminică de la Concursul Public Links categoria feminină din SUA.	Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
2.75	Sony a mărturist că PSP va avea de asemenea un ecran LCD de 4.5 inch, sloturi extra pentru Memory Stick.	De asmenea, are un ecran LCD de 4,5 inch cu iluminare din spate și facilități de expansiune a memoriei.	Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
3.25	La unul dintre cele trei locuri de prelevare a probelor de la Huntington Beach, rezultatele testării bacteriilor au fost 160 în 16 iunie și 120 în 23 iunie.	Rezultatele testării bacteriilor au fost 160 în 16 iunie și 120 în 23 iunie la unul dintre cele trei locuri de prelevare a probelor din Huntington Beach.	At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.	The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
4.2	Studiul a constatat că în locurile în care plasele de pești obișnuiau să prindă 10 pești per 100 de cârlige în ultimele decenii, acum au noroc dacă prind unul.	În locurile în care plasele de pești obișnuiau să prindă 10 pești per 100 de cârligi, acum au noroc dacă prind unul, a spus Myers.	Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
3.2	Acțiunile Carnival Corp se tranzacționau la 31,29 dolari în cursul zilei de miercuri, mai puțin cu 72 de cenți sau 2,25 la sută.	Acțiunile Carnival Corp au scăzut cu 2,5 la sută, sau 81 de cenți, ajungând la 31,20 dolari la bursa din New York.	Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
2.75	Dar criticile Senatului asupra planului Camerei au venit marți pe mai multe teme.	Și mai mulți republicani din Senat sunt capricioși în legătură cu harta Camerei.	But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
1.75	Drept urmare, Murphy a căutat să o înlocuiască pe sora lui Strier, Ethel Celnik, ca mandatar.	Murphy a spus că sora lui Strier, Ethel Celnik, a fost la tribunal la momentul respectiv, dar Strier nu a fost prezent	As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
3.75	Decizia tribunalului înterzice grupurilor să difuzeze în orice moment anunțuri care promovează, susțin, atacă sau se opun vreunui candidat	Aceasta a menținut dispoziții de rezervă care interzic acelorași grupuri să difuzeze, să promoveze, să susțină, să atace sau să se opună în orice moment vreunui candidat	The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
4.8	Cisco și-a redus cheltuielile pentru a compensa vânzările lente.	Ca răspuns la vânzările lente, Cisco și-a redus cheltuielile.	Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
3.4	Kansas City l-a recrutat pe jucătorul de câmp exterior Chris Lubanski de la Liceul Kennedy-Kenrick, la a cincea selecție.	The Royals l-au ales pe Chris Lubanski, un jucător de câmp exterior din Pennsylvania, care a ajuns la 528 lovituri, cu această a cincea selecție.	Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
0.8	Lira sterlină a scăzut cu 0,8% față de dolar, la 1.5875 GBP.	Dolarul a crescut cu 0,15% față de moneda japoneză, ajungând la 115.97 yeni.	Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
4.0	Media industrială Dow Jones. Indicele Dow Jones (DJI) a crescut cu 41.61 puncte sau 0,44% la 9,415.82.	Indicele Dow Jones a crescut cu 41,61 puncte vineri, o creștere de 0,4% per zi și de 0,7% per săptămână .	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
4.0	Chiar de la început, nu am vrut să vedem pe nimeni care să reducă salariile.	Dar Dl. Crosby a declarat pentru Associated Press: „Chiar de la început, nu am vrut să vedem pe nimeni care să reducă salariile.”	Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	"But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: ""Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."
3.75	A existat o serie de semnale administrative și birocratice ratate - nu există nicio persoană responsabilă aici, a spus Gehman.	La refuzarea ofertei Agenției Naționale de Imagistică și Cartografiere (NIMA), Gehman a spus că a existat o serie de semnale administrative și birocratice ratate aici.	There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.	In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
3.25	DeVries a făcut într-adevăr o oprire în oraș, miercuri - înregistrându-se ca persoană condamnată pentru abuzuri sexuale la Departamentul de Poliție Soledad.	Pedofil condamnat, Brian DeVries a luat cuvântul ca răspuns la indignarea comunității, miercuri după-amiaza, după ce s-a înregistrat ca persoană condamnată pentru abuzuri sexuale la Departamentul de Poliție Soledad.	DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
1.25	La ora 5 p.m. EDT (ora de vară) centrul lui Grace se afla aproape de latitudinea de 25,6 nord, 93,7 vest sau la aproximativ 280 mile sud-est de Corpus Chrsti.	La 11 a.m. EDT (ora de vară), centrul lui Fabian se afla aproape de latitudinea de 18,1 nord și 53,2 vest sau la aproximativ 550 mile est de Leewards.	At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.	At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
3.5	Sâmbătă, o servă de 149 (mile per oră) dată lui Agassi a egalat recordul mondial al lui Rusedski.	Sâmbătă, Roddick a egalat recordul mondial cu o servă de 149 (mile per oră) învingându-l pe Andre Agassi.	On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
1.0	Indicele bursier mai extins al Standard & Poor 500 SPX a crescut cu 10 puncte, sau 1,10% ajungând la 943.	Indicele Nasdq Composite, IXIC a sărit cu 43,64 puncte sau 2,89%, la 1,553.73.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
2.5	Prețul la termen al petrolului brut pentru încălzire în luna octombrie s-a plafonat la 69,89 cenți per galon, cu 85 cenți mai scăzut.	Prețul petrolului pentru încălzire a închis ședința în scădere cu 0,41 cenți, la 70,74 cenți per galon.	October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
3.438	Dl. Levine a confirmat faptul că Dna Cohen Alon a încercat să vândă povestea în timpul Cupei Mondiale.	Avocatul d-nei Cohen Alon, Donald Levine, a confirmat că aceasta a încercat să vândă povestea în februarie.	Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
4.0	Dl. Bankkhead a afirmat că locul crimei indica faptul că ucigașul a fost foarte metodic.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al Biroului de Investigații Georgia a afirmat că locul crimei a arătat că ucigașul era foarte metodic.	"Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was ""very methodical."""	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
3.6	Acest lucru ne apropie tot mai mult de afirmația că spuma poate face astfel de pagube, a spus Hubbard, membru al Comisiei de Investigare a Accidentelor Columbia.	Cred că acest lucru ne apropie tot mai mult de afirmația că spuma poate face astfel de pagube, a spus Hubbard.	This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
4.2	Nu am avut nimic de-a face cu decizia de personal intern de la @Stake, a spus purtătorul de cuvânt Microsoft Sean Sundwell.	Microsoft nu a avut absolut nimic de-a face cu decizia de personal intern AtStake, a spus Sundwall.	We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
2.6	Marți, egiptologii au pus la îndoială o revendicare a expediției potrivit căreia s-ar fi descoperit mumia reginei Nefertitti, una dintre cele mai binecunoascute egiptence.	Egiptologii cred că ar fi identificat îndelung căutata mumie a reginei Nefertiti, una dintre legendarele frumuseți ale lumii antice.	Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
4.4	Planul pe termen lung al Trezoreriei este să furnizeze cumpărătorilor cu amănuntul de titluri de trezorerie posibilitatea de a-și administra participațiile online într-un singur cont.	Trezoreria a spus că vrea să furnizeze cumpărătorilor cu amănuntul de titluri de trezorerie posibilitatea de a-și administra participațiile online într-un singur cont.	Treasury_x0012_s long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
3.25	El a fost admis noaptea trecută în stare critică, dar stabilă la Kings County Hospital Center, a spus poliția.	Victima, locuitor al New Jersey, se afla în stare critică dar stabilă la spital.	He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
2.0	Obligațiunile pe 30 de ani US30YT=RR au crescut cu 1-3/32 pentru un profit de 4,30%, în scădere de la 4,35% miercuri seara.	La ora 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), certificatul de tezaur cu termen de scadență la 10 ani US10YT=RR a crescut cu 11/32 pentru un profit de 3,36% față de 3,40 miercuri.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
4.5	Cursul acțiunilor IAC s-a închis ieri în scădere cu 2,81 dolari sau 7,6%, la 34,19 dolari.	Cursul acțiunilor IAC s-a închis la 34,19 dolari, în scădere cu 2,81 dolari sau 7,6% pe piața de acțiuni Nasdaq.	IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
3.4	Byrd, vorbind din Senat, a spus că pune la îndoială motivele unui președinte de birou care îmbracă hainele unui războinic în scopul unui discurs.	Dar chiar pun la îndoială motivele unui președinte de birou care îmbracă hainele unui războinic în scopul unui discurs.	"Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned ""the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""	But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
3.0	Ministerul Apărării se confruntă cu o cerere de despăgubire de 20 de milioane din partea a sute de femei keniene care pretind că au fost violate de către soldați britanici.	Sute de femei din Kenia care pretind că au fost atacate și violate de soldați britanici au primit ajutor juridic guvernamental miercuri pentru a acționa împotriva Ministerului Apărării.	The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
1.0	Acțiunile USA Interactive au crescut cu 2,28 dolari sau 7%, la 34,96, Vineri, la tranzacționarea pe bursa Nasdaq Composite și au câștigat 53 procente anul acesta.	Acțiunile Lending Tree au crescut cu 6,03 dolari sau 41%, pentru a închide ședința de tranzacționare la 20,72 dolari pe bursa Nasdaq ieri.	Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
2.75	Proiecte de lege similare au trecut de Camera de două ori dar au murit în Senat.	În urmă cu doi ani, Camera a adoptat o versiune similară care s-a împotmolit în Senat.	Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
3.25	Închiderea emisiunii a afectat câștigurile din al treilea trimestru cu un penny per acțiune.	Compania a spus că aceasta a afectat câștigurile cu un penny per acțiune.	The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
1.0	Femeia a fost spitalizată pe 15 iunie, au spus autoritățile sanitare din Kansas.	Autoritățile sanitare din Missouri au spus că el nu a fost spitalizat și că este în recuperare.	The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
3.6	Acțiunile marilor companii listate la bursă blue-chips au scăzut până la prânz miercuri pe măsură ce un val de avertizări privind rezultatele au risipit optimismul care condusese la mobilizarea de pe parcursul ultimelor trei luni.	Acțiunile americane au căzut la tranzacționarea din ședința de dimineață de miercuri, pe măsură ce un val de avertizări privind rezultatele a risipit optimismul mobilizator din ultimele trei luni.	Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
3.2	Indicele Nasdaq Composite legat de tehnologie <.IXIC> a tins spre 5,91 puncte sau 0,29 % ajungând la 2,053.27.	Indicele Nasdaq Composite centrat pe tehnologie <.IXIC> a avansat cu 6 puncte, sau 0,30% la 2,053 anulând pierderile anterioare.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
3.0	Doi kuwaitieni și șase palestinieni cu pașapoarte iordaniene se aflau printre suspecți, a spus reprezentantul oficial.	Aceștia includ doi kuwaitieni și șase palestinieni cu pașapoarte iordaniene și restul sunt irakieni și saudiți, a spus reprezentantul oficial.	Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
3.2	Ziua ei de naștere, 21 aprilie, a fost declarată sărbătoare oficială și ea a participat la o recepție și un bal.	Când bunica sa, la acea dată Prințesa Elizabeth, a împlinit 21 de ani în 1947, ziua a fost declarată sărbătoare oficială și ea a participat la o recepție și un bal.	Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
4.6	Sorkin, care este acuzat de conspirație pentru obstrucționarea justiției și de sperjur, urma să fie judecat separat.	Sorkin urma să fie judecat separat pentru acuzații de conspirație și sperjur.	Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
2.8	Bărbatul, care a intrat în oficiul poștal din Lakeside imediat înainte de 3 p.m., s-a predat polițiștilor în jur de ora 6:30 p.m.	Bărbatul intrase în oficiul poștal de pe Woodside Avenie la Maine Avenue cu puțin timp înainte de ora 3 p.m.	The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
4.2	Mai puțin de 10 birouri FBI au efectuat investigații implicând vizite la moschei, a declarat Ministerul de Justiție.	În plus, Ministerul de Justiție a declarat că FBI a efectuat mai puțin de 10 investigații care implicau vizite la moschei.	Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
3.2	În afara sălii de judecată, Sriyanto, care se riscă până la 25 de ani de închisoare, a negat că ar fi făcut ceva greșit.	În afara sălii de judecată, Sriyanto, a negat în fața The Age, faptul că ar fi făcut ceva greșit.	Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
4.0	Președintele Universității Michigan Mary Sue Coleman, a spus într-o declarație de pe site-ul web al universității că Valorile noastre fundamentale nu s-au schimbat.	Valorile noastre fundamentale nu s-au schimbat, a spus într-o declarație din Ann Arbor, Mary Sue Coleman, președinte al universității.	"University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, ""Our fundamental values haven't changed."	Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
2.2	Acțiunile Comcast Class A au crescut cu 8 cenți la 30.50 dolari în tranzacțiile de dimineață pe bursa Nasdaq.	Acțiunea a crescut cu 48 de cenți ajungând la 30 de dolari ieri la tranzacționarea pe bursa Nasdaq.	Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
2.8	Lui Thomas i s-a alăturat în totalitate Rehnquist și parțial O'Connor și Scalia.	Lui i s-au alăturat președintele Curții Supreme de Justiție William H. Rehnquist și judecătorii Sandra Day O'Connor și Antonin Scalia.	Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
5.0	Când ați trecut linia de demarcație, ați încălcat dreptul constituțional, a spus Charles Weisselberg, profesor de drept la UC Berkeley.	Când ați trecut linia de demarcație, ați încălcat dreptul constituțional, a spus Charles Weisselberg, care predă dreptul la Universitatea Berkeley din California.	"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor."	"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley."
2.0	Rapoartele preliminare au arătat că bărbații nu au fost văzuți împreună la aeroport, au spus surse.	Bărbații dețineau pașapoarte pakistaneze și se pare că fuseseră văzuți împreună la aeroport mai devreme în acea seară, au spus surse ale forțelor de ordine.	Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
3.25	Toronto a avut ieri 64 de cazuri probabile de SARS și nouă cazuri de suspecți.	Începând de miercuri, s-au înregistrat 65 de cazuri probabile de SARS în regiunea Toronto.	Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
3.75	Indicele Nasdq Composite, a crescut cu 13,70 sau 0,8%, ajungând la 1700.34.	Indicele Nasdq Composite legat de tehnologie IXIC a câștigat 13,73 de puncte sau 0,81% pentru a încheia ședința la 1,700.34.	The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
3.5	Toll, a doua cea mai mare companie de transport din Australia, a oferit săptămâna trecută NZ75 pe acțiune pentru Tranz Rail.	Toll s-a oferit săptămâna trecută să cumpere compania pentru NZ75c per acțiune sau 158 de milioane de dolari NZ (neozeelandezi).	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
2.75	MessageLabs care administrează servere de e-mail externalizate pentru 700,000 de clienți din întreaga lume a afirmat că a filtrat 27,000 de mailuri infectate din 115 țări începând de joi dimineața.	MessageLabs care administrează servere de e-mail externalizate pentru 700,000 de clienți din întreaga lume a etichetat infectarea cu grad ridicat și raportează peste 31,000 de infectări în 120 de țări.	MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	"Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm ""high risk"" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries."
4.0	Carlson a declarat marți că nu se va retrage din caz.	Funcționarii au spus că Carlson a refuzat să se retragă din caz.	Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
2.0	Acțiunile Oracle au fost de asemenea mai ridicate, tranzacționându-se cu 12 cenți mai mult, la valoarea de 13,60 dolari.	Acțiunile Oracle situate în Redwood Shores au crescut cu 14 cenți, la 13,62 dolari.	Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
3.0	Cu raportarea din toate circumscripțiile electorale, Fletcher - un membru al congresului, din Lexington, cu trei mandate - a obținut un copleșitor procent de 57% din voturi.	Cu raportarea din toate circumscripțiile electorale, Fletcher a obținut 88,747 de voturi sau 57% din totalul acestora.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
3.0	În Hong Kong, 24 de pacienți au fost carantinați miercuri după ce șapte lucrători din spitalele publice au dezvoltat simptome asemănătoare gripei.	Acest lucru, după ce șapte lucrători din domeniul asistenței medicale de la un spital public s-au îmbolnăvit, având simptome asemănătoare gripei.	In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
4.6	În creștere, Coca-Cola Co. (bursa New York: KO - știri - oameni) a raportat un profit mai ridicat pentru trimestru joi dimineața devreme sprijinită fiind de cererea europeană.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) a raportat un profit mai ridicat pentru trimestru, sprijinită fiind de cererea europeană, joi dimineața devreme.	On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
3.2	Rata șomajului a crescut cu o zecime de punct procentual la 6,1%, cel mai înalt nivel din iulie 1994.	Se estimează că rata șomajului a crescut încet și gradual cu un punct procentual până la 6,1%.	The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
4.4	Ca parte a acestei înțelegeri, Dl. Delainey a acceptat să coopereze în ancheta în derulare.	Dave Delainey a fost de acord să coopereze cu procurorii federali în schimbul pledoariei.	As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
4.0	Dar alte surse apropiate vânzării au spus că Vivendi menținea deschisă posibilitatea altor oferte și spera să vadă ofertanții interesați de unirea elementelor patrimoniale individuale.	Dar alte surse apropiate vânzării au spus că Vivendi menținea deschisă posibilitatea altor oferte pentru o zi sau două.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
3.75	Micron și-a declarat primul profit trimestrial pentru trei ani.	Cifrele Micron au marcat de asemenea primul profit trimestrial în trei ani pentru producătorul de DRAM.	Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
2.8	Amenzile fac parte din eforturile eșuate ale Republicanilor de a-i forța sau de a-i atrage pe Democrați să revină.	Perry a spus că sprijină eforturile Senatului, inclusiv amenzile, pentru a-i forța pe Democrați să revină.	The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
2.4	Indicele Nasdaq composite de tehnologie a crescut cu 20,96 de puncte la 1595,91, încheind ședința la cel mai ridicat nivel al său din ultimele 12 luni.	Indicele Nasdaq Composite legat de tehnologie <.IXIC> a urcat cu 19,11 puncte sau 1,2% la 1, 615,02.	The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
4.6	Procurorii americani au arestat peste 130 de indivizi și au capturat peste 17 milioane de dolari într-o represiune constantă a fraudelor și abuzurilor pe internet.	Peste 130 de persoane au fost arestate și proprietăți în valoare de 17 milioane de dolari au fost confiscate într-o amplă acțiune de verificare a fraudelor pe internet, anunțată vineri de către trei agenții guvernamentale americane.	U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
3.8	Chavez a declarat că anchetatorii au încredere că au rezolvat cel puțin unul dintre focurile deschise în acest context.	Primarul din Albuquerque, Martin Chavez a declarat că anchetatorii au încredere că, odată cu arestările, au rezolvat „cel puțin una din acțiunile de foc întreprinse”.	"Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got ""at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."""	"Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had ""at least one of the fires resolved."""
4.4	Bărbatul acuzat că a folosit grenade false pentru a comanda un avion cubanez care a aterizat în Key West în Aprilie a fost condamnat vineri la 20 de ani de închisoare.	Un arhitect cubanez a fost condamnat vineri la 20 de ani de închisoare pentru folosirea a două grenade false pentru deturnarea unui avion de pasageri care se deplasa din Cuba spre Florida în aprilie.	The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
4.2	Jim Williams, director al proiectului US-VISIT a spus că până la mijlocul lui noiembrie, mulți pasageri care sosesc în Atlanta vor fi amprentați și fotografiați.	Jim Williams, director al proiectului US-VISIT a spus că până la mijlocul lui noiembrie inspectorii vor amprenta și vor fotografia mulți pasageri străini care sosesc în Atlanta.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
5.0	Audierea a avut loc la o zi după ce Pentagonul, pentru prima dată, a ales un ofițer, Dallager, pentru faptul că nu a soluționat scandalul.	Audierea a venit la o zi după ce Pentagonul, pentru prima dată, a ales un ofițer - Dallager- pentru faptul că a eșuat în soluționarea scandalului.	The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
5.0	Bisercia Episcopală se înstrăinează de Comuniunea Anglicană a spus Preasfințitul Reverend Peter Karanja, administrator al Catedralei Tuturor Sfinților din Nairobi.	În Nairobi, administratorul Catedralei Tuturor Sfinților, Preasfințitul Reverend Peter Karanja, a spus că Bisercia Episcopală a SUA se înstrăinează de Comuniunea Anglicană.	The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
5.0	Județele cu scăderi ale populației vor fi Vermillion, Posey și Madison.	Populația din județele Vermillion, Posey și Madison va scădea.	Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
3.4	Swartz, pus sub acuzare în februarie, a susținut că New Hampshire era locul nepotrivit pentru a-l acuza.	Swartz a incercat să facă în așa fel încât acuzațiile să fie respinse, spunând că New Hampshire era locul nepotrivit pentru a-l acuza.	Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
3.2	Au fost la Spitalul Raffles pe parcursul weekendului pentru o evaluare suplimentară.	Au fost supuși mai multor teste pe parcursul weekendului și sunt acum pe secție la Spitalul Raffles.	They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
5.0	Când bomba a explodat la Casa de España, clienții luau cina și jucau bingo.	La Casa de España, clienții luau cina și jucau bingo când bomba s-a declanșat.	When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
4.4	Plofsky a spus că comisia nu va investiga deoarece termenul de prescripție de trei ani a expirat.	Juriul nu va începe procedura oficială de investigare deoarce termenul de prescripție a expirat, a spus Plofsky.	Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
3.6	Dacă ar fi condamnat pentru acuzații de spionaj, el ar fi pasibil de pedeapsa cu moartea.	Acuzațiile de spionaj și de colaborare cu dușmanul pot conduce la pedeapsa cu moartea.	If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
3.2	Interese vechi se poziționează pentru a controla punctele de verificare ale rețelei și fac lobby pe lângă FCC pentru a le ajuta și a le încuraja.	S-ar putea să moară deoarce interese vechi se poziționează pentru a controla punctele cu trafic intens ale internetului și și fac lobby pe lângă FCC pentru a le ajuta și a le încuraja.	Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	"It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."""
3.8	Dar membrii bisericii și observatorii spun că se așteaptă ca decizia să fie problematică pentru mulți episcopalieni.	Dar membrii bisericii și observatorii spun că se anticipează că decizia de aici ar putea pune probleme doctrinale pentru unii episcopalieni care cred că Biblia interzice homosexualitatea.	But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
4.2	Squyres este cercetător principal pentru sarcina utilă Athena - o colecție de instrumente științifice transportată de fiecare rover.	Steve Squyres, om de știință al Universității Cornell, este cercetător principal pentru instrumentele științifice ale misiunii.	Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
3.0	Armata a spus că a ucis 12 rebeli și a capturat nouă în campania de până acum, pentru pierderea a șase soldați răniți.	Armata a spus că a ucis 16 rebeli și a capturat nouă în campania de până acum, având un soldat ucis și șase răniți.	The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
3.0	Acțiunile Express Scripts ESRX.O au scăzut cu 3,6% pentru a se închide la 66,89 dolari pe bursa Nasdaq.	Acțiunile Express Scripts ESRX.O au scăzut cu aproximativ 4 procente, la 66,73 dolari, pe bursa Nasdaq la tranzacționarea de dimineață.	Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
3.0	Poliția a lansat o vânătoare internațională a lui Shevaun Pennington după ce aceasta a fugit sâmbătă cu Toby Studabaker în vârstă de 31 de ani.	Shevaun Pennington a dispărut sâmbătă dimineața după ce a aranjat să se întâlnească cu Toby Studabaker în vârstă de 31 de ani.	Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
4.8	Avocații și alți cunoscători ai anchetei federale spun că aceasta rămâne concentrată pe Campbell deși procurorii au refuzat să discute investigația.	În timp ce procurorii federali refuză să discute investigația, avocații și alți cunoscători ai acesteia spun că ea rămâne centrată pe Campbell.	Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
2.5	Indicele Dow Jones DJI a scăzut cu 58,69 puncte sau 0,64 %, ajungând la 9,137.86.	Indicele Dow Jones blue-chip al marilor companii listate la bursă, a scăzut cu 86.56 de puncte sau 0,94%, la 9,109.99, după ce a pierdut mai mult de un procent mai devreme.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
2.25	Peace Rules a învins Funny Cide în derby-ul Louisiana.	Dar nici el nici Peace Rules nu au putut împiedica retragerea Funny Cide.	Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
3.0	Boeing a declarat că se așteaptă ca acordul final să fie semnat în următoarele săptămâni.	Se așteaptă ca înțelegerea cu Korean Air să fie finalizată în următoarele câteva săptămâni, a spus purtătorul de cuvânt al Boeing, Bob Saling.	Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	"The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized ""in the next several weeks,"" Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said."
3.667	Acțiunile EDS au închis ședința de joi la 18,51 dolari, un câștig de 6 cenți.	Acțiunile EDS au închis ședința de joi la 18,51 dolari,o creștere de 6 cenți la bursa New York.	Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.6	O Curte Supremă divizată a decis Luni că Congresul poate forța bibliotecile publice naționale să echipezecomputerele cu filtre anti-pornografie.	Curtea Supremă a spus luni că guvernul poate solicita bibliotecilor publice naționale să își echipeze computerele cu filtre anti-pornografie, respingând plângerile bibliotecarilor că legea constituie o formă de cenzură.	A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
3.8	Punctul slab este modul în care VBA analizează proprietățile documentelor care i-au fost transmise atunci când documentul este deschis de către o aplicație gazdă.	Vulnerabilitatea există în modul în care Visual Basics for Applications de la Microsoft verifică proprietățile documentului transmis atunci când acesta este deschis.	The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
3.4	Din cele 24 de milioane de voturi telefonice primite, 50,28 % au fost pentru Studdard, situându-l cu 130,000 de voturi înaintea lui Aiken.	Din 24 de milioane de voturi telefonice exprimate, Studdard s-a situat cu doar 130,000 de voturi în fața lui Aiken.	Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
3.4	Consumatorii tot vor trebui să obțină un card de securitate pentru decodor de la operatorul lor de cablu pentru a-l introduce în aparat.	Pentru a privi la televiziunea cu plată, consumatorii vor introduce în aparat un card de securitate furnizat de operatorul lor de cablu.	Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
3.8	Cu toate acestea, am hotărât să optăm pentru motorul consorțiului european ca fiind cea mai bună soluție generală și datorită eforturilor financiare substanțiale făcute.	Cu toate acestea, am hotărât să optăm pentru motorul consorțiului european ca fiind cea mai bună soluție generală.	"However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made""."	"However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."""
2.8	Administrația pentru controlul medicamentelor și al alimentelor a respins cererea ImClone 2001 de a comercializa Erbitux, invocând cercetarea necorespunzătoare.	Administrația americană pentru controlul medicamentelor și al alimentelor a respins cererea originală a ImClone din decembrie 2001 spunând că studiul a fost făcut neglijent.	The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
3.75	Criticii spun că legea încalcă libertățile civile, un lucru la care Președintele Comisiei Juridice a Camerei, James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., spune că este sensibil.	Președintele Comisiei Juridice a Camerei, James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., spune că este sensibil la plângerile legate de libertățile civile.	Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
4.4	Dodgers au câștigat cel de-al șaselea meci consecutiv, cea mai lungă serie de victorii a lor din 2001 când au înfrânt la mică diferență Colorado, 3-2, miercuri în fața unei mulțimi de 25.332 de spectatori pe stadionul Dodger.	Dodgers au câștigat cel de-al șaselea meci consecutiv și cel de-al șaptelea din ultimele nouă disputate când au bătut Colorado cu scorul de 3-2, miercuri în fața unei mulțimi de 25.332 de spectatori pe stadionul Dodger.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
3.75	Până în prezent, au căutat în Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois și Indiana, au spus autoritățile din acele state.	Până în prezent, autoritățile au căutat și în Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana și Michigan.	So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
2.75	Obligațiunea pe 30 de ani US30YT = RR s-a stabilizat la 31 / 32 ducându-și profitul la 4,16 % - un alt minim record de 4,16% - de la 4,22%.	Obligațiunea pe 30 de ani <US30YT=RR> s-a stabilizat la 24 / 32 ducându-și profitul la 4,18 % după ce a atins un alt minim record de 4,16%.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
3.8	Lay a susținut că înmânarea documentelor ar constitui o încălcare a drepturilor sale prevăzute de cel de-al Cincilea Amendament împotriva auto-incriminării.	Lay refuzase să predea actele, afirmându-și drepturile sale împotriva auto-incriminării prevăzute de cel de-al Cincilea Amendament.	Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
3.2	Strayhorn a spus ca era pentru prima dată în istoria Texas-ului când un controlor financiar nu a certificat legea privind alocarea de sume la buget.	Într-un comunicat de presă de joi, Strayhorn a spus că era pentru prima dată când un controlor financiar a respins un buget.	Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
3.8	Excluzând taxele, analiștii se așteaptă, în medie, la o pierdere de 11 cenți per acțiune.	Analiștii chestionați de către Thomson Financial First Call se așteptau să vadă o pierdere de aproximativ 11 cenți per acțiune din operațiunile continue.	Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
4.8	Experții în securitate avertizează că un nou vierme de e-mail de masă se extinde pe internet, uneori imitând un e-mail de la fondatorul Microsoft.	Un nou vierme se răspândește rapid pe internet, pretinzând uneori că este un e-mail de la președintele Microsoft, Bill Gates, au spus luni vânzătorii de antivirus.	Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
4.0	Dl. Sahel a spus că poliția a identificat cadavrele a șapte dintre cele 14 persoane din celula de forță despre care se crede că au derulat cele cinci atacuri aproape simultane de sâmbătă.	El a spus că poliția a identificat cadavrele a 7 dintre cei 14 atentatori cu bombă care au lansat cinci raiduri aproape simultane vineri noaptea.	Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
1.4	Numai New Jersey interzice acum titularilor de permise de conducere de cursant sau de permise de conducere intermediare sau utilizeze telefoanele mobile sau alte dispozitive fără fir în timpul șofatului.	În plus, NTSB a recomandat de asemenea NHTSA ca legislația statală să fie promulgată pentru a interzice titularilor de permise de conducere de cursant sau de permise de conducere intermediare să utilizeze telefoanele mobile în timpul șofatului.	Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
4.2	Universitatea din Michigan a făcut publică astăzi o nouă politică de admitere după ce Curtea Supremă a Statelor Unite a respins în iunie modul în care aceasta admitea anterior studenți.	Universitatea din Michigan plănuiește să facă publică, joi, o nouă politică de admitere după ce condițiile sale de admitere au fost respinse de către Curtea Supremă a Statelor Unite.	The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
1.8	Caseta audio difuzată săptămâna trecută de rețeaua de televiziune arabă Al-Jazeera pare să fie un efort de incitare a atacurilor.	O casetă audio difuzată săptămâna trecută de rețeaua de televiziune arabă Al-Jazeera poate constitui cea mai puternică dovadă de până acum că Saddam a supraviețuit războiului.	The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
2.0	Compania nu a detaliat costurile de înlocuire și reparații.	Dar oficialii companiei se așteaptă ca valoarea costurilor lucrărilor de înlocuire să ajungă la milioane de dolari.	The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
2.6	Dean le-a spus reporterilor în timp ce călătorea în al 10-lea oraș din turneul „Vară fără somn” că el considera campania în Texas o provocare.	Astăzi, Dean își încheie turneul de patru zile și 10 orașe, „Vară fără somn” în Chicago și New York.	"Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city ""Sleepless Summer"" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge."	"Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city ""Sleepless Summer"" tour in Chicago and New York."
3.25	Am simțit că dacă m-aș contrazice cu Rosie prea mult, mi-aș pierde slujba.	Cavender chiar a spus: Am simțit că dacă m-aș contrazice cu Rosie prea mult, mi-aș pierde slujba.	I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.	"Cavender did say: ""I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."""
3.75	Decizia americanilor a provocat o reacție negativă din partea Comisiei Europene, care a descris mișcarea ca fiind ”nejustificată din punct de vedere juridic, neîntemeiată din punct de vedere economic și inutilă din punct de vedere politic”.	Comisia Europeană, organul executiv puternic al UE, a descris această mișcare drept „nejustificată din punct de vedere juridic, neîntemeiată din punct de vedere economic și inutilă din punct de vedere politic”.	"The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful""."	"The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."""
4.25	Domnișoara Cripps-Prawak a plecat vinerea trecută, la două zile după ce departamentul a introdus un plan de a distribui marijuana medicală prin intermediul cabinetelor medicilor.	Directorul Biroului de acces medical, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, și-a părăsit locul de muncă după ce departamentul a introdus un plan de distribuire a marijuanei prin intermediul cabinetelor medicilor.	Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
4.75	În 2001 și 2002, a spus Morgenthau, transferurile bancare realizate din doar patru din cele 40 de conturi ale Beacon Hill au totalizat mai mult de 3,2 miliarde de dolari.	Transferurile bancare din patru din cele 40 de conturi deschise la Beacon Hill au totalizat mai mult de 3,2 miliarde de dolari în perioada 2001-2002, a spus Morgenthau.	During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
3.25	Anul trecut, el a făcut o ofertă nereușită pentru nominalizarea Partidului Democrat pentru funcția de guvernator.	El a candidat anul trecut pentru nominalizarea democraților pentru guvernatorul de Texas, dar a pierdut prima rundă în fața multimilionarului Tony Sanchez.	Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
3.75	Cel mai mare comerciant cu amănuntul din țară le-a spus celor 100 de furnizori de top că trebuie să înceapă să utilizeze etichete electronice pe toți paleții de mărfuri până pe 25 ianuarie 2005.	Wal-Mart le-a spus celor mai importanți 100 de furnizori că vor trebui să aibă sisteme de identificare prin radiofrecvență pentru urmărirea paleților de mărfuri în lanțul de aprovizionare până pe 25 ianuarie 2005.	The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
3.25	A fost dus la un spital pentru radiografii de precauție la gât.	Harvey a fost dus la spitalul St. Luke pentru radiografii ale gâtului, care au ieșit negative.	He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
5.0	Proiectul de lege spune că o femeie care suferă un astfel de avort nu ar putea fi condamnată.	O femeie care a suferit un astfel de avort nu poate fi condamnată în temeiul proiectului de lege.	The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
2.0	În Adunare sunt 103 democrați și 47 de republicani.	Democrații domină Adunarea, în timp ce republicanii controlează Senatul.	There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
4.2	Am venit practic la Washington pentru a stabili relații și pentru a mă asigura că primim mai mulți bani federali în California, a spus Schwarzenegger după întâlnirea cu republicanii din Congres.	„Am venit la Washington practic pentru a stabili relații și a mă asigura că primim mai mulți bani federali”, a spus Schwarzenegger după o întâlnire.	"""I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California,"" Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans."	"""I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money,"" Schwarzenegger said after one meeting."
3.4	Ultimul imagine al piețelor forței de muncă a fost ușor mai bun decât se așteptau economiștii; prevedeau că creanțele nu vor scădea mai jos de 410.000 pentru săptămâna trecută.	În ciuda problemelor de pe piața muncii, cea mai recentă imagine a piețelor forței de muncă a fost puțin mai bună decât se așteptau economiștii.	The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
3.0	Chante Jawan Mallard, în vârstă de 27 de ani, a fost judecată luni și acuzată de crimă de gradul I.	Chante Jawan Mallard, în vârstă de 27 de ani, este acuzată de crimă și falsificare a probelor.	Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
2.75	Linda Saunders a pledat vinovată în fața instanței federale pentru șase acuzații, inclusiv extorsiune, spălare de bani și conspirație.	Fostii asistenți ai Phipps, Linda Saunders și Bobby McLamb, s-au pledat vinovați de acuzații federale, inclusiv de extorcare de bani.	Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
2.6	Acțiunile Vivendi au închis cu 3,8% la Paris, la 15,78 euro.	Acțiunile Vivendi au crescut cu 0,3 la sută, la 15,62 euro, la Paris, la ora 08:41 GMT.	Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
3.4	Microsoft a identificat software-ul Linux distribuit în mod gratis drept una dintre cele mai mari amenințări la adresa vânzărilor sale.	Compania a identificat public Linux ca fiind unul dintre cei mai mari competitori ai săi.	Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
3.6	Antonio Monteiro de Castro, în vârstă de 58 de ani, în prezent director al operațiunilor grupului în America Latină și Caraibe, va deveni director de operațiuni de la aceeași dată.	BAT a mai spus că Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director pentru America Latină și Caraibe, va deveni director de operațiuni pe 1 ianuarie 2004.	Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
3.6	Relațiile publice manipulatoare și propaganda nu sunt răspunsul, a spus acesta.	Raportul a adăugat că „propaganda” și relațiile publice manipulatoare „nu sunt răspunsul”, dar că niciuna dintre ele nu evită dezbaterea.	"""Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer,"" it said."	"The report added that ""spin"" and manipulative public relations ""are not the answer,"" but that neither is avoiding the debate."
4.8	Un alt atac armat legat de seria de împușcături a avut loc pe 11 noiembrie la școala primară Hamilton Central din Obetz, la aproximativ două mile de autostradă.	Ultimul atac legat de seria de împușcături a fost în 11 noiembrie la școala primară Hamilton Township din Obetz, la aproximativ două mile de autostradă.	Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
4.0	Marți, banca centrală a lăsat ratele dobânzilor stabile, așa cum era de așteptat, dar a declarat, de asemenea, că riscurile globale sunt ponderate spre slăbiciune și a avertizat asupra riscurilor de deflație.	Consiliul de politici al băncii centrale a lăsat ratele stabile pentru moment, așa cum era de așteptat pe scară largă, dar a surprins piața declarând că riscurile globale sunt ponderate spre slăbiciune.	On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
3.4	Luptele au izbucnit după ce patru jurnaliști nord-coreeni s-au confruntat cu o mulți activiști sud-coreeni care au protestat împotriva abuzurilor drepturilor omului în Coreea de Nord, în afara principalului centru de media.	Problemele au izbucnit când cel puțin patru reporteri nord-coreeni s-au repezit din centrul media Taegu pentru a se confrunta cu mulți activiști care protestau împotriva abuzurilor asupra drepturilor omului în Coreea de Nord.	Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
2.4	Dusty se luptase cu cancerul de rinichi de mai bine de un an.	Dusty a fost operat de cancer în 2001 și i s-a extirpat un rinichi.	Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
3.0	Kadyrov nu a fost rănit, dar patru dintre gărzile sale de corp s-au numărat printre cei uciși.	Dar agenția de știri Itar-Tass a spus că patru dintre gărzile sale de corp se numără printre cei uciși de bombă.	Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
2.75	Comisia estimează că statul California a pierdut 1,34 miliarde de dolari - cel mai mult dintre toate statele - datorită reducerilor fiscale din 2001.	Comisia a estimat că statul California a pierdut 937 milioane dolari datorită reduceriloraplicate la impozitul pe profit în 2001.	The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
4.0	Oficialii nu au spus dacă forțele SUA au traversat teritoriul sirian și au dat declarații vagi despre modul în care au fost implicați polițiștii de frontieră sirieni.	Oficialii americani nu au spus dacă forțele americane, care acționau pe baza serviciilor de informații, au traversat teritoriul sirian și au fost vagi cu privire la modul în care au fost implicați gardienii sirieni.	The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
1.75	VeriSign și-a prezentat serviciul Site Finder pe 15 septembrie.	Bătălia din jurul serviciului Site Finder disponibil de trei săptămâni al lui VeriSign este aprinsă.	VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.	"The battle around VeriSign""s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on."
4.5	Druce este încă ținută la închisoare și acum este izolată, a spus ea.	Aseară, Druce a fost ținut în izolare în aceeași închisoare.	Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
5.0	Liderul lor, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, s-a predat în iunie; adjunctul său a fost ucis într-o recentă confruntare armată cu forțele saudite.	Liderul lor, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, s-a predat în iunie; adjunctul său a fost ucis recent într-o confruntare armată cu forțele saudite.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
3.0	După declarația de deschidere a lui Freitas, judecătorul de la Curtea Superioară a comitatului King, Charles Mertel, a amânat procesul până după weekendul de Ziua Recunoștinței.	Judecătorul de la Curtea Superioară a comitatului King, Charles Mertel va amâna mai apoi procesul până luni.	After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
2.8	Investitorii Google includ firme renumite de investiții de capital, precum Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers și Sequoia Capital, a menționat ziarul.	Printre susținătorii etapelor inițiale ale Google se numără Universitatea Stanford din California și firmele de investiții de capital Kleiner Perkins și Sequoia Capital.	Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
2.667	1 iulie este cea de-a șasea aniversare a revenirii Hong Kongului la stăpânirea chineză.	Mitingul a umbrit ceremoniile care marcau cea de-a șasea aniversare a revenirii Hong Kongului la China, la 1 iulie 1997.	July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
4.0	Palm Wednesday a anunțat planurile de a achiziționa Handspring, o companie fondată de Jeff Hawkins, considerat de mulți ca fiind tatăl dispozitivului Palm.	Palm a declarat miercuri că intenționează să cumpere Handspring, o companie creată de renegatul co-fondator al Palm, Jeff Hawkins.	Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
4.25	Guvernul a abandonat recent discuțiile de pace cu MILF, intermediate de Malaezia, după o serie de atacuri, inclusiv trei bombardamente, asupra Mindanao.	Guvernul a abandonat recent discuțiile de pace, intermediate de Malaezia vecină, după o serie de atacuri asupra Mindanao, inclusiv trei bombardamente mortale, pentru care a dat vina pe MILF.	The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
4.176	Compania a înregistrat un profit de 54,3 milioane de dolari, sau 22 de cenți pe acțiune, în perioada de acum un an.	Aceasta a crescut față de trimestrul de acum un an, când compania a câștigat 54,3 milioane de dolari sau 22 de cenți pe acțiune.	The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
3.0	Luni, Bostonului i s-au alăturat comunitățile din Massachusetts, Watertown, Saugus și Framingham.	Împreună cu Boston, Watertown, Saugus și Framingham vor renunța la fum luni.	Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
3.8	Soldații ISRAELI au dărâmat peste noapte case mobile goale și turnuri de apă în 10 avanposturi mici de așezare din Cisiordania, ca parte a unui plan de pace susținut de SUA.	Soldații israelieni au început ieri să demoleze avanposturile de așezare din Cisiordania - o obligație israeliană în cadrul unui nou plan de pace din Orientul Mijlociu.	ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
4.6	Uniunea nu a dezvăluit încă ce lanț va fi vizat.	Uniunea a declarat că va dezvălui ulterior ce lanț va fi vizat.	The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
1.4	"Scoateți totul "", spune Howard Davidowitz, președintele Davidowitz & Associates, o firmă națională de consultanță în comerțul cu sediul în New York."	Nevinovată sau nu , „ea a deteriorat bunuri”, a declarat Howard Davidowitz, președintele Davidowitz & Associates, o firmă națională de consultanță în comerțul din New York.	"Get it all out,"" says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City."	"Innocent or not, ""she's damaged goods,"" said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York."
2.8	Produsele actualizate includ Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere și Pylon Application Server.	Noile produse puse pe masă includ cele mai recente versiuni ale Pylon Conduit și Pylon Pro.	The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
4.2	Autoritățile turce au declarat că toți atacatorii cu bombă sunt turci.	Ankara spune că toți cei patru sinucigașii atacatori cu bombă erau turci.	Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
1.0	În aprilie, a prognozat câștiguri operaționale în intervalul 60-80 de cenți pe acțiune.	Kodak așteaptă câștiguri de la 5 cenți la 25 de cenți pe acțiune în acest trimestru.	In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
4.2	Din Florida până în Alaska, mii de petrecăreți au promis să promoveze mai multe drepturi legale, inclusiv căsătoriile între persoane de același sex.	Sărbătorind decizia, mii de petrecăreți au promis să promoveze mai multe drepturi legale, inclusiv căsătoriile între persoane de același sex.	From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
2.5	Alții cu un astfel de statut sunt Egiptul, Israelul și Australia.	Națiuni precum Israel și Australia au deja un astfel de statut.	Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
3.5	Constatările apar în numărul de miercuri al Jurnalului Asociației Medicale Americane (știri - site-uri web).	Rezultatele urmează să fie publicate în numărul de miercuri al Jurnalului Asociației Medicale Americane.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
4.75	În plus, suportul h2210 are spațiu pentru a încărca o a doua baterie.	Suportul pentru h2200 are spațiu pentru reîncărcarea unei a doua baterii.	Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
3.5	Unul dintre cei 14 kurzi a indicat cuvântul „refugiat” într-un dicționar englez - turc.	Un bărbat a fluturat un dicționar englez-turc și a arătat spre cuvântul „refugiat”.	"One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word ""refugee"" in an English/Turkish dictionary."	"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
4.0	Cooperarea strânsă între agențiile de aplicare a legii și serviciile de informații se află în centrul luptei continue împotriva terorismului, a spus Howard.	El a spus că o cooperare strânsă între agențiile regionale de aplicare a legii și serviciile de informații a fost în centrul luptei împotriva terorismului.	"""Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism,"" Mr Howard said."	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
2.0	În 2006, grupul afirmă că piața va reveni cu în proporție de 29,6 la sută la 21,3 miliarde de dolari din vânzări.	În 2006, Asia Pacific va raporta o creștere de 7,9% până la 81,8 miliarde de dolari.	In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
3.2	Căpitanul Robert Ramsey din Divizia 1 Blindată a SUA a spus că un camion a explodat în afara clădirii în jurul orei 11 dimineața și că unul dintre pereții exteriori ai complexului s-a prăbușit.	Căpitanul Robert Ramsey de la divizia blindată US 1St a declarat că un camion a explodat în afara clădirii în jurul orei 11 dimineața.	Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
3.8	În această toamnă, instructorii americani vor lucra cu soldați din patru țări din Africa de Nord la patrulare și colectare de informații.	Spre finalul acestui an, comandamentul va trimite antrenori cu soldați din patru națiuni din Africa de Nord în misiuni de patrulare și colectare de informații.	This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
2.5	Cifrele devin catastrofale, a spus dr. Patrick Pelloux, președintele asociației medicilor de urgență.	"Acest lucru este inacceptabil "", a declarat Patrick Pelloux, președintele Asociației medicilor de urgență din Franța."	"""The figures are becoming catastrophic,"" said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians."	"This is unacceptable,"" said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors."
3.0	Orice ți s-a întâmplat prin intermediul pedepsei este cu siguranță mai mult decât suficient, i-a spus Covello bărbatului de 49 de ani, a cărui familie, prieteni și susținători au umplut jumătate din sala de judecată.	„Ceea ce vi s-a întâmplat, domnule, prin intermediul pedepsei, este cu siguranță mai mult decât suficient”, a spus Covello.	"""Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough,"" Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom."	"""What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough,"" Covello said."
4.0	De asemenea, mama a susținut în proces că a fost agresată sexual de unul dintre gardieni.	Mama a susținut, de asemenea, că a fost agresată sexual de unul dintre gardieni în timpul confruntării din 1998.	The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
2.625	Da, de astăzi memoria Flash achiziționată de la AMD sau Fujitsu va fi marca Spansion.	Dispozitivele de memorare Flash ale Spansion sunt disponibile în întreaga lume de la AMD și Fujitsu.	Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
3.2	Cei mai mari doi producători de automobile din lume au declarat că vânzările lor în SUA au scăzut mai mult decât se anticipase luna trecută, deoarece o frenezie a vânzărilor la sfârșitul verii a provocat o reacție mai mare a industriei decât se aștepta.	Vânzările interne atât la GM, cât și la Ford Motor Co. nr. 2 au scăzut mai mult decât se prevedea, deoarece frenezia vânzărilor de la sfârșitul verii a determinat o reacție mai mare decât se aștepta în industrie.	The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
4.0	O furtună tropicală s-a creat rapid în Golful Mexic duminică și era de așteptat să lovească undeva de-a lungul coastelor Texasului sau Louisianei până luni seara.	O furtună tropicală s-a dezvoltat rapid în Golful Mexic duminică și ar putea avea vânturi la nivel de uragan atunci când va ajunge pe uscat undeva de-a lungul coastei din Louisiana luni seara.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
3.2	Presiunea ar putea crește joi, runda finală finală fiind transmisă la nivel național de ESPN, rețeaua de sporturi prin cablu.	Presiunea se va intensifica astăzi, runda finală fiind planificată să fie transmisă la nivel național de ESPN și de faptul că vor fi cuvinte și mai dificile.	The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
2.4	Pataki a lăudat decizia lui Abraham, iar președintele LIPA, Richard Kessel, a spus că cablul ar trebui menținut permanent în funcțiune.	Președintele LIPA, Richard Kessel, a spus că acest lucru înseamnă că cablul poate fi utilizat „după cum considerăm a fi potrivit.	Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.	"LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used ""as we see fit."
3.6	Dynes a venit la UC San Diego în 1991, după 22 de ani ca fizician la AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes se află la UC San Diego din 1991, după ce a petrecut 22 de ani la AT&T Bell Labs, unde a lucrat la superconductori și alte materiale.	Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
4.6	Meningita este o infecție a lichidului măduvei spinării și a țesutului din jurul creierului.	Meningita este o infecție a lichidului din măduva spinării și din jurul creierului.	Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
4.4	Primarul Joe T. Parker a declarat joi că cei trei muncitori erau doi bărbați și o femeie care se aflau în interiorul clădirii când a avut loc prima explozie.	Muncitorii dispăruți, doi bărbați și o femeie, se aflau în clădire când a avut loc prima explozie, a spus primarul Joe T. Parker.	Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
4.6	"Oficialul NCRI din Londra, Ali Safavi, a declarat pentru Reuters: ""Condamnăm acest raid, care este, în opinia noastră, ilegal și nejustificabil din punct de vedere moral și politic""."	Condamnăm acest raid, care este, în opinia noastră, ilegal și nejustificat din punct de vedere moral și politic, a declarat telefonic pentru Reuters, oficialul NCRI, Ali Safavi.	"London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: ""We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."""	"""We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable,"" London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone."
3.6	A explodat în mâinile sale, dar fostul prim-ministru italian a fost nevătămat.	Scrisoarea cu bombă trimisă lui Prodi i-a explodat în mâini, dar nu a fost rănit.	It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
3.2	Avocatul militar al lui Halabi, maiorul forțelor aeriene James Key, a negat acuzațiile, care ar putea duce la pedeapsa cu moartea.	Avocatul care îl reprezintă pe al-Halabi, maiorul forțelor aeriene James Key III, a respins acuzațiile, potrivit The Associated Press.	Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
2.0	Waksal, într-o scrisoare către curte, a spus: „Mi-am distris familia.	În căutarea clemenței, Waksal și-a cerut scuze în fața instanței, a angajaților săi și a familiei sale.	"Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: ""I tore my family apart."	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
2.8	De la începutul lunii mai, orașul a primit 1.400 de rapoarte despre pițigoi și corbi morți, a spus Jayroe.	De la începutul lunii mai, orașul a primit 1.400 de rapoarte, a spus el.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
1.6	Însă Forest, Organizația pentru Libertatea dreptului de a te bucura de tutun, a spus: „Menționează cuvântul interdicție și toată lumea știe ce s-a întâmplat acolo.	Forest, Organizația pentru Libertatea dreptului de a te bucura de tutun, a declarat că a întâmpinat apelul The Lancet cu „amuzament și neîncredere”.	But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	"Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with ""amusement and disbelief'""."
4.0	Odată convertit, BayStar va deține un pachet de aproximativ 2,95 milioane de acțiuni din acțiunile comune ale SCO sau 17,5 la sută din acțiunile excepționale ale companiei.	Investiția oferă BayStar, cu sediul în Larkspur, California, mai mult de 2,9 milioane de acțiuni comune SCO, sau 17,5 la sută din acțiunile excepționale ale companiei.	Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
2.8	Producătorii OPEC, într-o reuniune de miercuri, vor face presiuni asupra exportatorilor independenți de petrol pentru a contribui la următoarea reducere a aprovizionării cartelului pentru a permite revenirea petrolului irakian.	În această săptămână, OPEC va exercita presiuni asupra exportatorilor independenți pentru a sprijini următoarea reducere a aprovizionării cartelului, cu scopul de a preveni reluarea exporturilor irakiene care scad prețurile petrolului.	OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
5.0	Comisia Federală pentru Comerț (FTC) a solicitat astăzi Congresului întărirea autorității de a combate spamul nedorit pe Internet, care reprezintă acum aproape jumătate din tot traficul de e-mail.	Comisia Federală pentru Comerț a cerut ieri Congresului puteri mai largi pentru a ataca creșterea rapidă a spamului, despre care noile studii arată că reprezintă jumătate din traficul de e-mail.	The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
3.4	Un juriu federal i-a pus sub acuzare marți; documentul a fost sigilat până ieri pentru a permite autorităților să facă arestări.	Oficialii federali au declarat că documentul a rămas sigilat până joi dimineață pentru a permite autorităților să facă arestări în cinci state occidentale.	A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
4.0	Oamenii care s-au opus acestor acțiuni de-a lungul timpului încearcă acum să găsească motive noi pentru a spune că acest lucru nu a fost ceea ce trebuia făcut ”.	„Ceea ce se întâmplă aici este că oamenii care s-au opus acestei acțiuni de-a lungul timpului încearcă să găsească motive noi pentru care nu a fost ceea ce trebuia făcut”.	"People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."""	"""What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."""
3.2	Richard Miller a rămas internat în spital după un transplant de ficat, dar soția sa și-a revenit.	Richard Miller, în vârstă de 57 de ani, a supraviețuit unui transplant de ficat care i-a salvat viața, dar rămâne internat.	Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
3.8	Reprezentanții Sequent nu au putut fi contactați imediat pentru a comenta anunțul SCO.	Un purtător de cuvânt al SCO nu a putut fi contactat pentru a comenta în această după-amiază.	Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
3.2	Proporția persoanelor asigurate de angajatori a scăzut de la 62,3 la sută în 2001 la 61,3 la sută anul trecut.	Proporția americanilor cu asigurări de la angajatori a scăzut la 61,3 la sută, de la 62,6 la sută în 2001 și 63,6 la sută în 2000.	The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
4.0	Numărul 2 mondial, Lleyton Hewitt a acuzat Asociația Profesionistă de Tenis de malițiozitate, inclusiv o presupusă încercare de a-l păcăli în a refuza un test antidrog de anul trecut.	Lleyton Hewitt, numărul 2 mondial, și-a acuzat colegii profesioniști de malițiozitate de lungă durată, inclusiv o încercare de anul trecut de a-l păcăli în a refuza un test antidrog.	WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
3.25	MSN Messenger 6 va fi disponibil pentru descărcare începând de miercuri ora 18:00 GMT de pe http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	Software-ul MSN Messenger 6 va fi disponibil miercuri de la ora 11:00 PST, potrivit Microsoft.	MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
4.25	"În legătură cu incidentul, am recunoscut că m-am comportat necorespunzător. """	Am recunoscut că m-am comportat necorespunzător, a spus el.	"In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."""	"""I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately,"" he said."
4.25	Un purtător de cuvânt a spus: „Din noiembrie, am cooperat pe deplin cu poliția.	Acesta a adăugat că a „cooperat pe deplin” cu poliția începând din noiembrie.	"A spokesman said: ""Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police."	"It added it had ""co-operated fully"" with police since November."
4.25	Femeile care consumă cartofi și alte legume tuberoase în timpul sarcinii pot prezenta riscul de a provoca diabet de tip 1 copiilor lor, cred cercetătorii din Melbourne.	Cercetătorii australieni cred că au descoperit un declanșator al diabetului de tip 1 la copii - mamele lor consumă cartofi și alte legume tuberoase în timpul sarcinii.	Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
0.75	Indicele extins Standard & Poor's 500 .SPX a crescut cu 3 puncte, sau 0,32 la sută, până la 970.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, întrețesut de tehnologie, a pierdut 2 puncte, sau 0,18 la sută, până la 1.649.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
3.0	Oamenii care mai demult credeau că tensiunea lor arterială este în regulă ar putea fi pe drumul spre hipertensiune în conformitate cu noile linii directoare din SUA publicate miercuri.	Oamenii care odată au crezut că tensiunea arterială este în regulă trebuie să înceapă să facă mișcare și să mănânce mai bine, conform noilor linii directoare din SUA publicate miercuri.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
3.75	Amazon a mai raportat că biroul procurorului general din New York au căzut la înțelegere asupra acuzațiilor de fraudă civilă cu unul dintre falsificatorii pe care i-a identificat.	Amazon și biroul procurorului general din New York au căzut la înțelegere deja cu unul dintre presupușii falsificatori de e-mailuri.	Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
4.0	Premiul pentru actrița principală a mers către energica nou-venită Marissa Jaret Winokur în rolul de fiică a Ednei, Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, în rolul lui Tracy, a câștigat pentru cea mai bună actriță într-un musical.	The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
4.0	Din raportul nostru inițial se pare că acaesta a fost o aterizare ca la carte ce a ținut cont de circumstanțe, a spus Burke.	Domnul Burke a spus: „A fost o aterizare ca la carte având în vedere circumstanțele”.	"""It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances,"" Burke said."	"Said Mr. Burke: ""It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."""
2.0	Acțiunile Allegante au crescut cu 4 dolari, sau 17,2 la sută, până la 27,43 dolari în tranzacționarea de joi dimineață pe piața bursieră Nasdaq.	Acțiunile Allegiant s-au închis miercuri la 23,40 USD, în creștere cu 64 de cenți, la tranzacționarea pe piața Nasdaq.	Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
3.4	Conform legii statului, apelurile 911 nu sunt informații publice și nu au fost publicate.	Conform legii, apelurile 911 nu sunt informații publice în Rhode Island.	By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
1.4	ADR-urile au scăzut cu 10 cenți la 28,95 dolari la 10:06 dimineața în rapoartele din această zi de tranzacționare date de Bursa de Valori din New York.	Acțiunile Fox Entertainment Group Inc., unul din brațele media și de diverisment din cadrul americanului News Corp., au scăzut cu 45 de cenți la 26,85 dolari în rapoartele din această zi de tranzacționare a Bursei de Valori din New York.	The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
3.4	Bremer a spus că o inițiativă este lansarea unui program național de 70 de milioane de dolari în următoarele două săptămâni pentru curățarea cartierelor și construirea de proiecte comunitare.	Bremer a spus că va lansa un program de 70 de milioane de dolari în următoarele două săptămâni pentru a curăța cartierele din Irak și pentru a construi proiecte comunitare, dar nu a dat detalii.	Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
2.4	Indicele compozit Nasdaq a adăugat 30,46 puncte, sau 2%, la 1.520,15.	Nasdaq a avut un câștig săptămânal de 17,27 sau 1,2 la sută, închizându-se la 1.520,15 după ce a câștigat ieri 30,46.	The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
2.6	Biroul de externe britanic a declarat luni că autoritățile coaliției din Irak s-au bucurat că bărbații au fost eliberați.	Biroul de externe britanic a declarat că a intermediat eliberarea celor doi bărbați.	The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
2.8	Wal-Mart estimează că peste 100 de milioane de americani vizitează magazinele lor în fiecare săptămână.	În fiecare săptămână, 138 de milioane de cumpărători vizitează 4.750 de magazine Wal-Mart.	Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
3.2	A adăugat domnul Prodi: „Poate, dar bătrânețea ne ajută să ne înțelegem punctele tari și cele slabe”.	„Poate, dar bătrânețea ne ajută să ne înțelegem punctele tari li slabe, precum și realitatea lumii.	"Added Mr. Prodi: ""Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."""	"""Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world."
2.4	Sunt mândru că am fost împotriva lui Richard Nixon, nu cu el, a spus Kerry.	„Am mărșăluit pe stradă împotriva lui Richard Nixon și a Războiului din Vietnam”, a spus ea.	"""I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him,"" Kerry said."	"""I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War,"" she said."
3.25	Acțiunile Corixa câștigau 71 de cenți, sau 10%, până la 7,91 dolari pe Nasdaq.	La tranzacționarea de dimineață pe piața bursieră Nasdaq, Corixa a crescut cu 74 de cenți, sau 10%, la 7,94 dolari.	Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
2.75	Purtătorii de cuvânt ai FBI, CIA, Serviciul canadian de informații de securitate și Poliția regală canadiană călare au refuzat să comenteze cu privire la șederea lui El Shukrijumah în Canada.	FBI, CIA, Serviciul canadian de informații de securitate și Poliția regală canadiană călare au refuzat să comenteze raportul Washington Times.	Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
4.0	Aceasta a fost o problemă persistentă care nu a fost rezolvată, a spus Steven Wallace, membru al comisiei de anchetă.	Aceasta a fost o problemă persistentă care nu a fost rezolvată, mecanic și fizic, a spus Steven Wallace, membru al consiliului de administrație.	"""This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved,"" investigation board member Steven Wallace said."	"""This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically,"" said board member Steven Wallace."
3.6	„Americanii nu taie și fug, trebuie să încetăm această nenorocire”, a spus ea.	De asemenea, ea s-a angajat să aducă pacea în Irak: „Americanii nu taie și fug, trebuie să încetăm această nenorocire”.	"""Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through,"" she said."	"She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: ""Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."""
3.8	Nu există nicio îndoială cu privire la programul chimic, programul biologic, într-adevăr programul nuclear, într-adevăr tot ceea ce a fost documentat de ONU, a spus el.	El a adăugat: „Nu există nicio îndoială cu privire la programul chimic, programul biologic și într-adevăr despre programul de arme nucleare.	"""There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN,"" he said."	"He added: ""There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme."
4.6	Ridge a spus că nu vor fi folosiți explozivi reali sau dispozitive dăunătoare în exercițiu.	Ridge a spus că nu vor fi folosiți explozivi sau alte substanțe dăunătoare.	Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
3.25	"Aceasta este America, prietenii mei, și nu ar trebui să se întâmple aici "", a spus el în aplauze puternice."	Aceasta este America, prietenii mei, și nu ar trebui să se întâmple aici.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here,"" he said to loud applause."	"""This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."""
3.75	Pe 1 mai, s-a târât printr-un canion îngust și întortocheat, a coborât pe o stâncă de 60 de picioare și a mers pe jos aproximativ șase mile prin canion.	S-a târât printr-un canion îngust și întortocheat, a coborât pe o stâncă de 60 de picioare și a mers la vreo șase mile pe canion, lângă Parcul Național Canyonlands, în sud-estul Utah.	On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
4.0	Amnesty International a declarat că în ultimii 20 de ani a colectat informații despre 17.000 de dispariții în Irak, dar cifra reală poate fi mult mai mare.	Amnesty International a declarat că în ultimii 20 de ani a colectat informații despre 17.000 de dispariții în Irak.	Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
3.75	Texas Instruments a urcat ieri 1,37 dolari la 19,25 dolari, iar Novellus Systems Inc. a avansat 1,76 dolari la 36,31 dolari.	Texas Instruments a urcat 1,37 dolari SUA până la 19,25 dolari SUA, iar Novellus Systems a avansat cu 1,7 dolari SUA până la 36,31 dolari SUA, fiecare fiind ridicat la nivelul de „categorie grea” de către Lehman.	Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	"Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to ""overweight"" by Lehman."
3.455	Ea a cerut să fie scuzată din ședința de cabinet de săptămâna trecută pentru a se pregăti pentru o întâlnire cu președinții din Rwanda și Uganda.	Ea a făcut pasul extrem de neobișnuit de a nu intra în cabinet pentru a participa la o întâlnire cu președinții din Rwanda și Uganda.	She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
4.0	Într-un amestec de ritualuri antice păgâne și creștine moderne, sătenii au organizat o serie de ceremonii în speranța de a înlătura nenorocirile despre care cred că i-au ținut săraci.	Într-un amestec de ceremonii antice Melaneziene păgâne și creștine moderne, oamenii au încercat din nou să înlăture nenorocirile despre care cred că i-au ținut săraci de la acea masă de demult.	In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
2.5	Media industrială Dow Jones .DJI a crescut cu 13,33 puncte, sau 0,15 la sută, până la 9196,55.	Media industrială Dow Jones <.DJI> a scăzut cu 7,75 puncte, sau 0,08 la sută, la 9.175,47.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
0.25	Variola se găsește de obicei numai în Africa centrală și occidentală.	Câinii de prerie, găsiți de obicei în statele de sud-vest și vest, nu sunt indigeni în Wisconsin.	Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
3.833	Filmul este al doilea dintr-o trilogie, care se va încheia în noiembrie cu The Matrix Revolutions.	„Reloaded” este al doilea din trilogie; „The Matrix Revolutions” urmează să debuteze în noiembrie.	The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"""Reloaded"" is the second installment of a trilogy; ""The Matrix Revolutions"" is slated for debut in November."
3.75	În plus, Departamentul Justiției a declarat că FBI a efectuat „mai puțin de 10” investigații care implică vizite la moschei.	"În plus, ""mai puțin de 10"" birouri FBI au efectuat investigații care implică vizite la moschei islamice, a declarat Departamentul de Justiție."	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	"In addition, ""fewer than 10"" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said."
3.25	Lansarea coincide cu conferința dezvoltatorilor JavaOne de la San Francisco de săptămâna aceasta.	Știrea vine, de asemenea, deodată cu conferința anuală Suns a dezvoltatorilor JavaOne din San Francisco.	The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
2.75	Cartea O datorie regală se bazează pe experiențele sale cu Diana, prințesa de Wales și pe scrisori despre care pretinde că sunt de la și către ea.	Casa regală se pregătea pentru alte dezvăluiri în cartea O datorie regală, bazate pe timpul petrecut de fostul servitor cu Diana, prințesa de Wales.	A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
3.0	Armata a declarat că raidul, care are loc la doar câteva zile după ce trupele israeliene l-au împușcat și ucis pe Abdullah Kawasme, liderul Hamas din oraș, i-a vizat pe militanții din Hamas.	Arestările au avut loc la câteva zile după ce trupele israeliene l-au împușcat și ucis pe Abdullah Kawasme, liderul grupului militant din Hebron.	The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
3.2	SARS a continuat să revendice viața a 44 de persoane din Toronto, inclusiv două asistente medicale și un medic.	Virusul a ucis 44 de persoane în Toronto, inclusiv un medic și două asistente medicale.	SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
4.6	Noul serviciu de muzică online al Apple Computer a vândut peste 1 milion de melodii în prima săptămână de funcționare, a declarat compania luni.	Apple Computer Inc. a declarat luni că a depășit așteptările industriei de discuri, prin vânzarea a peste 1 milion de melodii de la lansarea magazinului său online de muzică acum o săptămână.	Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
3.6	El fusese arestat anterior de două ori pentru încălcarea legii și exclus din complex - casa mamei sale și a celor doi copii.	El fusese arestat de două ori înainte pentru încălcarea legii și a fost exclus din complex.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
4.4	Președintele și CEO-ul Oracle Corp, Larry Ellison, nu a exclus să îndulcească oferta nesolicitată a companiei de a achiziționa rivalul PeopleSoft Inc.	Președintele Oracle, Larry Ellison, a sugerat că compania ar putea din nou să mărească oferta pentru rivala PeopleSoft.	Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
4.056	Serviciul meteorologic portughez a declarat că valul de căldură din Europa a fost cauzat de o masă de aer cald și uscat care se vine din sud-est.	Valul de căldură s-a datorat unei mase de aer cald și uscat din sud-est, a declarat Mario Almeida, de la serviciul meteorologic din Portugalia.	The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
3.5	„Cheltuirea dolarilor contribuabililor pentru a crea saloane de pariuri pentru terorism este risipitoare și repugnantă”, au anunțat ei ieri într-o conferință de presă.	Cheltuirea dolarilor contribuabililor pentru a crea saloane de pariuri pentru terorism este la fel de risipitoare și repugnantă, au declarat luni Wyden și Dorgan într-o scrisoare către Pentagon.	"""Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant,"" they announced at a press conference yesterday."	"""Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant,"" Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon."
5.0	Cu toate acestea, „decizia oarecum ambiguă” ar putea crea o întârziere pentru Static Control, în funcție de modul în care și-a dezvoltat produsul concurent, a spus analistul Merrill Lynch, Steven Milunovich.	Dar analistul Merrill Lynch, Steven Milunovich, a spus că „hotărârea oarecum ambiguă” a autorităților de reglementare ar putea crea o întârziere pentru Static Control, în funcție de modul în care și-a dezvoltat produsul concurent.	"Still, the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said."	"But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product."
4.0	Maimuțele își puteau urmări progresul vizualizând o reprezentare schematică a brațului și a mișcărilor acestuia pe un ecran video.	Brațul era ținut într-o cameră separată, dar maimuțele își puteau urmări progresul vizualizând o reprezentare a brațului și a mișcărilor acestuia pe un ecran video.	The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.	The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
4.0	Acest lucru a declanșat o confruntare de 47 de ore cu poliția, care a deranjat mii de navetiști, în timp ce traficul s-a blocat în centrul orașului Washington și în nordul Virginiei.	Protestul său a dus la o confruntare de 47 de ore cu poliția, care a provocat blocaje uriașe în centrul Washingtonului și în nordul Virginiei.	That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
4.75	Indicele Standard & Poor's 500 a avansat cu 6,48, sau 0,7 la sută, la 990,51.	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a crescut cu 6,48 puncte, sau 0,66 la sută, până la 990,51.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
3.75	Miniștrii agriculturii din peste o sută de națiuni sunt așteptați să participe la conferința ministerială de trei zile și la expoziția privind știința și tehnologia agricolă, sponsorizate de Departamentul Agriculturii din SUA.	Secretarul american pentru agricultură, Ann Veneman, lansează luni Conferința ministerială și Expoziția privind știința și tehnologia agricolă ce va dura trei zile.	Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
4.0	Situația este complicată datorită prezenței liberienilor trecuți prin luptă, care au luptat de ambele părți.	Luptele au continuat sporadic în vest, unde situația este complicată datorită prezenței de ambele părți a liberienilor trecuți prin luptă.	Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
3.5	Anul acesta Societatea Audubon găzduiește din nou concursul de numărat păsări de Crăciun.	Este concursul anul de numărat păsări de Crăciun al Societății Naționale Audubon, aflat acum în al 104-lea sezon.	This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
3.0	Înainte de a fi eliminat, site-ul a enumerat într-o limbă engleză defectuoasă regulile pentru hackerii care ar putea participa.	Organizatorii au înființat un site Web, http://defacerschallenge.com, enumerând într-o engleză defectuoasă regulile pentru hackerii care ar putea participa.	Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
4.2	Medicii au speculat că estrogenul propriu corpului protejează împotriva deteriorării celulelor și îmbunătățește fluxul sanguin.	Credința lor sa bazat pe speculații că estrogenul previne deteriorarea celulelor și îmbunătățește fluxul sanguin.	Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
3.4	De asemenea, au descoperit că deficiența a fost asociată cu un istoric de pierdere a auzului în familie.	Deficiența a fost descoperită de două ori mai des la cei ce au suferit o pierdere a auzului.	They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
4.6	Directorii Cisco s-au declarat încurajați de fluxul de numerar de 1,3 miliarde de dolari și de creșterea venitului net, dar sperau la o revenire.	Directorii Cisco au fost încurajați de fluxul de numerar de 1,3 miliarde de dolari și de creșterea venitului net, dar au spus că au rămas „rezervat optimiști” în ceea ce privește revenirea.	Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
4.0	Într-o declarație prin e-mail către Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker a spus: „Nu iau în considerare demisia.	"Nu iau în considerare demisia "", a spus Shumaker într-o declarație."	In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
4.0	Un sondaj a arătat că interceptările FBI ale primarului au dat un impuls efortului său de realegere împotriva adversarului GOP Sam Katz.	Un sondaj publicat săptămâna aceasta a arătat că interceptările FBI ale primarului au dat un impuls efortului său de realegere.	A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
3.643	Pasagerul rănit la spitalul John Peter Smith a murit vineri dimineață, a spus Jones.	Pasagerul rănit de la John Peter Smith a murit dimineața târziu; numele său nu a fost publicat, a spus Jones.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
3.6	Medicii plănuiseră să-l aducă pe lume cu două săptămâni mai devreme, în jurul datei de 14 noiembrie.	O cezariană fusese inițial planificată la mijlocul lunii noiembrie, cu două săptămâni mai devreme.	Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
4.0	Sobig.F se răspândește atunci când utilizatorii de computer deschid fișiere atașate în e-mailuri care conțin titluri familiare precum „Mulțumesc !,” „Re: Detalii” sau „Re: acel film”.	Virusul se răspândește atunci când utilizatorii de computer deschid atașamentele din e-mailuri care conțin titluri familiare precum „Mulțumesc!” și „Re: Detalii”.	"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!,"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""	"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
1.0	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, al pieței de tehnologie, a crescut cu 17,26 puncte, sau 1,06 la sută, până la 1.640,06, pe baza ultimelor date.	Indicel larg Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> a câștigat 5,51 puncte, sau 0,56 procente, până la 981,73.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
3.4	Fondatorii grupului sunt Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp și Toshiba.	Membrii fondatori ai CELF sunt Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony și Toshiba.	Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
1.75	"Este în aprovizionarea cu alimente? "", spune David Ropeik, director de comunicare a riscurilor la Harvard Center for Risk Analysis."	„Nu este zero”, a spus David Ropeik, director de comunicare a riscurilor la Centrul Harvard pentru Analiza Riscurilor.	"Is it in the food supply?"" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis."	"""It's not zero,"" said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis."
3.0	În timpul unei dispute aprinse din 1999, Carolyn i-a spus lui John că încă se culcă cu Bergin.	La rândul ei, ea îi spunea uneori lui John că încă se culcă cu un fost iubit, frumușelul din „Baywatch”, Michael Bergin.	During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	"She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, ""Baywatch"" hunk Michael Bergin."
3.25	"Pe de altă parte, dacă acest lucru va contribui în continuare la stabilirea inocenței lui Steve, îl salutăm ""."	"Dacă drenarea iazurilor din Maryland va contribui în continuare la stabilirea inocenței lui Steve, o salutăm ""."	"On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""	"If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""
3.4	Fletcher a declarat că se așteaptă să aibă sprijinul parlamentarilor din statele agricole, mulți dintre ei făcând parte din comitet.	El a spus că se așteaptă să aibă sprijinul parlamentarilor din alte state agricole.	Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
3.2	Șapte cadeți în vârstă de 20 și 21 de ani au fost amendați de poliție pentru consumul de alcool într-o cameră de hotel din afara campusului sâmbătă devreme cu două tinere, cu vârsta de 16 și 18 ani.	Șapte cadeți bărbați în vârstă de 20 și 21 de ani au fost prinși într-o cameră de hotel din afara campusului sâmbătă devreme cu două tinere, de 16 și 18 ani.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
2.8	Un astfel de pas ar putea pune problema în fața Consiliului de Securitate al ONU.	Problema ar putea fi apoi trimisă Consiliului de Securitate al ONU.	Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
2.4	El plănuia să rămână toată ziua până când nivelul râului creștea maxim, ceea ce era prognozat pentru noaptea trecută.	El și ceilalți avocați au planificat să rămână până când râul începe să se retragă.	He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
3.4	Tabăra găzduiește evenimente religioase de vară pentru copii și alte evenimente pe tot parcursul anului, potrivit site-ului său web.	Tabăra Sfânta Sofia găzduiește evenimente religioase pentru copii în lunile de vară, precum și alte evenimente pe tot parcursul anului, potrivit site-ului său web.	The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
3.6	Dealerii au declarat că trendul descendent al monedei unice față de dolar ar putea accelera dacă ar scădea sub 1,15 USD.	Dealerii au declarat că trendul descendent al monedei euro ar putea fi accentuat în cazul în care va scădea sub 1,15 USD.	Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
3.8	Acțiunile Gemstar au adunat 2,6 la sută, adăugând 14 cenți la 5,49 dolari la închidere.	Acțiunile Gemstar au crescut la știri, închizând 2,6 la sută, la 5,49 USD pe Nasdaq.	Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
4.8	Împreună cu producătorul de cipuri Intel, companiile includ Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. și Nokia Corp.	Împreună cu producătorul de cipuri Intel, companiile includ Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia și altele.	Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
3.8	Kroger Co., care deține Ralphs și Albertsons Inc., negociază împreună cu Safeway și își lăsat pe dinafară lucrătorii din sindicat a doua zi.	Într-un spectacol de solidaritate corporativă, Kroger Co., care deține Ralphs, și Albertson Inc. și-au lăsat pe dinafară lucrătorii în dimineața următoare.	Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
3.333	Potrivit Biroului de recensământ, populația hispanică a crescut cu 9,8% față de cifrele recensământului din aprilie 2000.	Populația hispanică a crescut cu 9,8% față de cifrele recensământului din aprilie 2000, în ciuda condițiilor sociale și economice mai puțin favorabile decât în ​​anii 1990.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.	The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
2.5	Acțiunile sale au crescut la 54,50 dolari în tranzacționarea pre-deschidere de la 50,90 dolari la închiderea de miercuri.	Acțiunile au crescut cu aproape 7% în tranzacționarea pre-deschidere, crescând la 18,26 dolari de la 17,05 dolari la închiderea de marți.	Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
2.4	Media industrială Dow Jones <.DJI> a scăzut cu 58,69 puncte, sau 0,64 la sută, la 9.137,86.	Media industrială Dow Jones .DJI a scăzut cu 79,43 puncte, sau 0,86 la sută, la 9.117,12 vineri.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
3.8	Avocatul său, Pamela MacKey, a declarat că Bryant se așteaptă să fie complet exonerat.	Domnul Bryant este nevinovat și se așteaptă să fie complet exonerat, a spus Mackey într-un comunicat.	His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"""Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated,"" Mackey said in a statement."
3.0	A fost cel mai bun avans de la 1 octombrie încoace, când indicele a câștigat 22,25.	Indicele Standard & Poor's 500 a crescut cu 15,66 la 1.046,79, cel mai bun avans de la 1 octombrie încoace, când a câștigat 22,25.	It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
3.692	Domnul Mask a spus că domnul Cullen va fi luat până joi de la închisoarea comitatului Somerset și mutat la spitalul criminalistic Ann Klein de lângă Trenton pentru îngrijire psihiatrică.	Charles Cullen, în vârstă de 43 de ani, a fost transferat din închisoarea comitatului Somerset din Somerville la Centrul Forensic Anne Klein, o unitate de tratament psihiatric cu 150 de paturi din Trenton.	Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
3.0	Oamenii de știință credeau că Stardust a acumulat mii de particule de praf.	Stardust a fost conceput pentru a aduna mii de particule de praf care provin din Wild 2.	Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
2.75	Raportul comitetului independent de experți își propune să înlăture orice suspiciune cu privire la modul în care guvernul din Hong Kong gestionează criza SARS.	Un raport mult așteptat cu privire la gestionarea de către guvernul din Hong Kong a focarului de SARS a fost lansat.	The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
3.25	Ambele dispozitive implementează facilitatea eSCO a standardului versiunea 1.2 pentru a oferi baza pentru noile aplicații de telefonie fără fir.	BlueCore3 implementează, de asemenea, facilitatea eSCO din versiunea 1.2 pentru a oferi baza aplicațiilor avansate de telefonie fără fir în transmisia Bluetooth.	Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
3.5	Scăderea prețurilor de la produse de bază în aprilie s-a reflectat scăderea prețurilor la mașini, camioane, haine pentru bărbați și băieți și țigări .	Aceasta a fost cea mai mare scădere din august 1993 și a rezultat din scăderea prețurilor la mașini, camioane, haine pentru bărbați și băieț și țigării.	The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
3.0	Salvatorii internaționali scotocesc darâmăturile pentru supraviețuitori în vechiul oraș Bam de pe Drumul Mătăsii, după ce un cutremur violent a ucis peste 20.000 de oameni.	Salvatorii internaționali au căutat cu disperare supraviețuitori printre dărâmături, iar cimitirele s-au umplut ieri în vechiul oraș Bam de pe Drumul Mătăsii.	International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
4.0	Griffith, originar din Mount Airy, locuiește acum pe coasta Carolinei de Nord, în Manteo.	Griffith, în vârstă de 77 de ani, a crescut în Mount Airy și acum locuiește în Manteo.	Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
4.667	Conference Board a raportat că indicele său de încredere a consumatorilor din SUA a scăzut la 83,5 în iunie de la 83,6 în mai.	Indicele de încredere a consumatorilor a ajuns la 83,5 în iunie, în scădere ușoară față de un 83,6 revizuit în mai, a declarat Conference Board.	The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
3.333	„Observ o schimbare de dispoziție în prioritățile lor”, a spus un politician.	Observ o schimbare de dispoziție în prioritățile lor, a spus un politician irakian după întâlnirea cu domnul Bremer.	"""I notice a mood change in their priorities,"" one politician said."	"""I notice a mood change in their priorities,"" said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer."
2.4	Se crede că Heather, în vârstă de 35 de ani, care și-a pierdut un picior într-un accident rutier, are plăci de oțel în șolduri, ceea ce ar face imposibilă nașterea naturală.	Fostul model Lady McCartney și-a pierdut un picior într-un accident rutier în 1993 și se pare că are plăci de oțel montate în șolduri, ceea ce ar îngreuna nașterea naturală.	Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
3.857	De asemenea, rețeaua renunță la ediția „Dateline” de vineri seară .	Rețeaua va renunța la o ediție a „Dateline”, franciza sa de reviste de știri.	"The network is also dropping its Friday night ""Dateline"" edition."	"The network will drop one edition of ""Dateline,"" its newsmagazine franchise."
2.4	Vicepreședintele Dick Cheney și candidatul republican la funcția de guvernator în Mississippi, Haley Barbour, salută mulțimea ce aclamă.	Vicepreședintele Dick Cheney spune că republicanul din Mississippi, Haley Barbour, ar fi un bun guvernator datorită expertizei sale în guvernare și afaceri.	Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
3.0	Asistenta în vârstă de 51 de ani a lucrat la North York General Hospital, epicentrul celui mai recent focar.	Emile Laroza, în vârstă de 51 de ani, a contractat SARS în timp ce lucra ca asistent medical la Spitalul General North York, epicentrul celui de-al doilea focar de SARS.	The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
2.0	Rusch a permis, de asemenea, cinci sau mai multe puncte câștigate în fiecare dintre ultimele sale trei starturi.	Redman a permis două puncte câștigate sau mai puțin în șase din cele nouă starturi ale sale.	Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
1.6	Domnul Turner a transferat aproximativ 10 milioane de acțiuni către un trust caritabil înainte ca acestea să fie vândute.	Vânzările îl lasă pe domnul Turner cu aproximativ 45 de milioane de acțiuni în AOL.	Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
4.0	De asemenea, el i-a recrutat și pe alții în schemă, convingându-i să primească marfa obținută în mod fraudulos pe care o comandase pentru el însuși.	De asemenea, el a recrutat și alte persoane pentru a li se livra mărfurile comandate și obținute în mod fraudulos.	He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
3.8	New York Mets l-a selectat apoi pe jucătorul Lastings Milledge de la Lakewood Ranch High School din Florida.	Mets l-au luat pe Lastings Milledge, un jucător din Florida, ca a douăsprezecea alegere.	The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
1.273	Senatorul din Florida, Bob Graham, nu a fost recunoscut de 61% dintre cei chestionați.	Kerry a fost privit favorabil de 66% dintre cei chestionați; Decan de 57%.	Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
1.0	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a crescut cu 3,47 puncte, sau 0,36 la sută, până la 977,59.	Indicele Nasdaq Composite, axat pe tehnologie .IXIC, a scăzut 8 puncte, sau 0,45 la sută, la 1.645.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
3.0	Drept rezultat, 24 de jucători au depășit par-ul în prima rundă.	Douăzeci și patru de jucători au depășit parul în prima rundă, a treia cea mai mare cifră din istoria US Open.	As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
4.0	Albertsons și lanțul Ralphs al lui Kroger și-au oprit munictorii din a-și face lucrul ca răspuns.	Lanțul lui Ralphs al lui Kroger și Albertsons și-au oprit imediat munictorii din alimentație în semn de solidaritate.	Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
2.0	Indicele compozit Nasdaq <.IXIC>, axat pe tehnologie, a scăzut cu 37,78 puncte, sau 1,94 la sută, la 1.912,36.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq a scăzut 2,95, sau 0,2 la sută, pentru săptămâna în curs la 1.912,36, după ce ieri s-a poticnit la 37,78.	The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
1.0	Acțiunile SCO s-au închis la 10,93 dolari, în scădere cu 28 de cenți, la tranzacționarea de luni pe piața bursieră Nasdaq.	Acțiunile IBM au închis cu încă 1,75 dolari, sau 2,11 la sută, la 84,50 dolari la bursa din New York.	Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
3.0	Camera a votat 425 la 2 în favoarea proiectului de lege, primul din cele 13 pe care Congresul trebuie să le adopte în fiecare an pentru a finanța guvernul federal.	Proiectul de lege se numără printre primele din cele 13 pe care Congresul trebuie să le adopte în fiecare an pentru a finanța guvernul federal.	The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
4.75	Knight a fost de acord cu un contract pe doi ani, de 2,38 milioane de dolari, care include un bonus de 300.000 de dolari.	ESPN a raportat că acordul de doi ani al lui Knight valorează 2,38 milioane de dolari, inclusiv un bonus de 300.000 de dolari.	Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
2.75	În raport cu moneda japoneză, euro a fost la 135,92 / 6,04 yeni față de nivelul din New York de 136,03 / 14.	Dolarul era la 117,85 yeni în raport cu moneda japoneză, în creștere cu 0,1 la sută.	Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
4.5	Procedura se efectuează în general în al doilea sau al treilea trimestru.	Tehnica este utilizată în timpul celui de-al doilea și, ocazional, în cel de-al treilea trimestru de sarcină.	The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
3.0	Pe lângă Hampton și Newport News, grantul finanțează testarea apei în Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk și Virginia Beach.	Subvenția finanțează, de asemenea, testarea plajei în King George County, Norfolk și Virginia Beach.	Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
3.0	El a spus că atacatorii au lăsat în urmă pliante care cereau personalului de la Ishtar Sheraton să nu mai lucreze la hotel și cer forțelor americane să părăsească Irakul.	El a spus că atacatorii au lăsat în urmă pliante care îi îndeamnă pe muncitorii de la Ishtar Sheraton să nu mai lucreze la hotel.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
3.0	Odată cu încingerea diplomației în criza nucleară de aproape 10 luni, ministrul chinez de externe Li Zhaoxing urmează să viziteze Coreea de Sud în perioada 13-15 august.	Având în vedere că diplomația se încinge în criza de aproape 10 luni, ministrul chinez de externe Li Zhaoxing zboară duminică în Japonia pe drumul spre Coreea de Sud, pe 13 august.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
2.588	BondBulls (aici cred că se referă la ceva platformă economică) ar dori ca Fed să recunoască faptul că riscurile sunt orientate spre slăbiciunea economică.	Fed a mai spus că riscurile pentru economie sunt orientate spre slăbiciune.	Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
3.6	Există o posibilitate reală pentru un colaps secundar, a spus guvernatorul James McGreevey.	Zona deteriorată a garajului nu a fost stabilizată, existând astfel „posibilitatea reală a unui colaps secundar”, a spus McGreevey.	"""There is the real potential for a secondary collapse,"" Gov. James McGreevey said."	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
2.333	Nr. 2 HP a văzut cum vânzările serverului Unix au scăzut cu 3,6%, la 1,36 miliarde de dolari.	HP a căzut pe locul doi, vânzările serverelor crescând cu 0,4 la sută, până la 2,9 miliarde de dolari.	No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
2.25	„Oamenii sunt evident deranjați”, a spus dr. Jim Young, comisarul pentru siguranță publică din Ontario.	„Suntem hiper-vigilenți”, a spus dr. James Young, comisarul pentru siguranță publică din Ontario.	"""People are obviously inconvenienced,"" said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."	"""We're being hyper-vigilant,"" said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."
2.5	Ceilalți au primit copii ale cărții „Noua Dietă Revoluționară Atkins” și li s-a spus să o urmeze.	Cercetătorii au oferit copii ale cărții „Noua Dietă Revoluționară Atkins” celor ce reduc consumul de carbohidrați.	"The others were given copies of ""Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution"" and told to follow it."	"The researchers gave copies of ""Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution"" to the carb-cutters."
4.5	Avocatul rapperului, Mark Gann, nu a răspuns apelurilor pentru comentarii.	Avocatul rapperului în materie civilă, în vârstă de 27 de ani, Mark Gann, nu a răspuns apelurilor pentru comentarii.	The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
4.75	De asemenea, pe piață au contat și știrile că General Motors GM.N intenționează să emită datorii de 10 miliarde de dolari, în parte pentru a acoperi planul de pensii.	Știrile că General Motors GM.N trebuiau să emită datorii de 10 miliarde de dolari, în parte pentru a acoperi planul de pensii, au avut un efect negativ.	Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
3.4	Russin nu a comentat; avocatul său nu a participat la audiere și nu a răspuns la mesajele telefonice.	Avocatul său, un văr, Basil Russin, nu a participat la ședință și nu a răspuns la mesajele telefonice.	Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
4.0	Cu toate acestea, veniturile din licențe au scăzut cu 21%, până la 107,6 milioane de dolari.	Vânzările de licențe, o măsură cheie a cererii, au scăzut cu 21%, până la 107,6 milioane de dolari.	Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
3.5	Hispanicii, grupul etnic cu cea mai rapidă creștere din SUA, au depășit negrii pentru a deveni cea mai mare minoritate din SUA, potrivit noilor cifre ale guvernului.	Hispanicii au depășit oficial afro-americanii ca fiind cel mai mare grup minoritar din SUA, potrivit unui raport publicat de Biroul de recensământ al SUA.	Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
2.0	Episcopul Armidalei, Peter Brain, a fost direct.	„Nu are prea multe opțiuni”, a spus episcopul Armidale, Peter Brain.	The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.	"""He hasn't got much choice,"" said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain."
4.0	Când va deveni complet operațională, se așteaptă ca unitatea să angajeze până la 1.000 de persoane.	Fabrica va angaja 1.000 de persoane atunci când va fi complet construită, a spus compania.	When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.	The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
1.4	Indicele biotehnologic al Bursei Americane .BTK a crescut cu 5%.	Indicele de semiconductori al Bursei de Valori din Philadelphia. SOXX a crescut cu 6,10%.	The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.	The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
3.2	„Mi-a plăcut foarte mult și încă îl plac”, a declarat ieri Cohen Alon pentru Herald.	Și mi-a plăcut foarte mult de el și încă îl plac.	"""I really liked him and I still do,"" Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday."	And I really liked him, and I still do.
1.8	Pentru întreaga perioadă de 12 luni care se încheie la 30 iunie 2003, conexiunile de servicii avansate pentru ADSL au crescut cu 37 la sută, iar conexiunile prin modem au crescut cu 75 la sută.	Pentru perioada de 12 luni care se încheie pe 30 iunie, conexiunile de mare viteză instalate în case și la companii au crescut cu 45%.	For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
3.2	Comisarul de stat pentru educație, Kent King, a declarat miercuri că scorurile la testele programului de evaluare din Missouri l-au dezamăgit.	Comisarul pentru educație din Missouri, Kent King, s-a declarat dezamăgit de scoruri.	State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
4.8	Agenții au găsit peste 1.000 de carduri de credit și aparate de duplicat a cardurilor de credit în timpul căutărilor de la reședința lui Ragin.	Când reședința lui Ragin a fost percheziționată, autoritățile au găsit peste 1.000 de carduri de credit și duplicatoare.	Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
1.4	Lowe's, cu aproximativ jumătate din numărul magazinelor, a raportat o creștere de 33% a profitului în al treilea trimestru, bazată pe o creștere de 12% a vânzărilor din magazine.	Home Depot a raportat o creștere de 22% a profitului în al treilea trimestru, bazată pe o creștere de aproape 8% a vânzărilor din magazine.	Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.	Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
2.6	Caldera a achiziționat software-ul serverului Unix original al SCO și i-a schimbat numele în Grupul SCO.	SCO și-a schimbat numele în Tarantella, iar Caldera și-a schimbat ulterior numele în Grupul SCO.	Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.	SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
3.25	Ofițerii l-au aruncat la pământ și l-au cătușat, iar Reyna i-a băgat un genunchi în spate, conform mărturiei.	Atunci ofițerii l-au aruncat la pământ și l-au încătușat, potrivit mărturiei.	Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.	That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
1.75	Cea mai performantă acțiune a fost Altria Group Inc., care a crescut cu peste 27 la sută pentru a închide la 42,31 USD pe acțiune.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N a scăzut cu 50 de cenți, sau 1,2%, la 41,81 dolari.	The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
3.0	"”Oficialii încearcă să recupereze cadavrele din apă "", a declarat pentru Reuters ofițerul de poliție J.D. Tambe, adăugând că 26 dintre morți erau femei."	"”Oficialii încearcă să recupereze cadavrele din apă "", a declarat pentru Reuters oficialul de poliție J.D. Tambe."	"Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water,"" police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women."	"Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water,"" police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters."
3.5	Potrivit cercetărilor de piață ale The NPD Group, numărul de persoane care descarcă muzică a scăzut de la 14,5 milioane în aprilie la 10,4 milioane în iunie.	Numărul gospodăriilor care achiziționează muzică a scăzut de la maximul de 14,5 milioane în aprilie la 12,7 milioane în mai și 10,4 milioane în iunie, potrivit NPD.	According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.	The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
3.25	„Acesta este un caz ușor în opinia mea și complet lipsit de merit, atât din punct de vedere factual, cât și din punct de vedere legal.	Acest caz este complet lipsit de merit, atât din punct de vedere factual, cât și din punct de vedere juridic, a ironizat judecătorul Denny Chin.	"""This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."""	"""This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally,"" Judge Denny Chin scoffed."
2.25	Serviciul meteo a raportat vânturi cu viteze maxime de aproape 105 mile pe oră și rafale mai puternice.	Viteza maximă a vânturilor a fost în jur de 40 mph, cu rafale mai puternice.	The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
4.0	Toaletele cu WiFi urmau să fie introduse în această vară, la festivalurile de muzică din Marea Britanie.	Prima toaletă portal din lume urma să fie lansată în curând la festivalurile de vară din Marea Britanie.	The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.	The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
4.25	Bărbații care beau ceai, în special ceaiul verde, își pot reduce considerabil riscul de cancer de prostată, a constatat un studiu WA important.	BĂUTUL ceaiului verde poate reduce dramatic riscul ca bărbații să dezvolte cancer de prostată, a descoperit un studiu realizat de cercetători australieni.	MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
4.0	Meteorologii au spus că s-ar putea să emită avertismente pentru Cuba joi spre seară.	Precauții sau avertismente ar putea fi emise pentru estul Cubei joi spre seară.	Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
3.0	Șiiții reprezintă 20% din populația țării.	Sunniții reprezintă 77% din populația pakistaneză, iar șiiții 20%.	Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
3.4	CWA, care reprezintă peste 2.300 de angajați ai Comcast, a numit acest lucru excesiv atunci când un angajat tipic al sindicatului câștigă aproximativ 27.000 de dolari pe an.	Sindicatul Muncitorilor în Comunicații, care reprezintă mai mult de 2.300 de angajați ai Comcast, a numit pachetul de remunerare a executivului excesiv atunci când un angajat tipic al sindicatului câștigă aproximativ 27.000 de dolari anual.	The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.	The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
3.8	Grupul de consumatori a generat un profit de 4,47 miliarde dolari și venituri de 20 miliarde dolari din ianuarie până în iunie, 53% din profitul și veniturile Citigroup.	Acesta a generat profit de 4,47 miliarde de dolari și venituri de 20 de miliarde de dolari în prima jumătate a anului, 53 la sută din totalurile Citigroup.	The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.	It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
4.0	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam a atras mulțimile, Michelle Wie a câștigat publicitatea, dar Angela Stanford a obținut prima victorie LPGA.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam și Michelle Wie au atras mulțimea, dar Angela Stanford a obținut prima victorie LPGA.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
2.5	Cursele New York-Londra ale British Airways vor înceta în octombrie.	British Airways intenționează să își retragă cele șapte Concorduri la sfârșitul lunii octombrie.	British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
4.5	Noua politică acordă cea mai mare pondere notelor, scorurilor la teste și programei de învățământ liceal ale unui elev.	Rezultatele academice - inclusiv notele, scorurile testelor și programa școlară liceală - are cea mai mare prioritate.	The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.	Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
4.5	Noua versiune, W32 / Sobig.C-mm, ajunsese deja la stadiul de focar „de nivel înalt” până luni, potrivit analiștilor de securitate.	Analiștii de securitate au declarat că noua versiune, W32 / Sobig.C-mm, a atins deja starea de focar „de nivel înalt” până la jumătatea după-amiezii, luni.	"The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts."	"Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday."
3.6	Singura persoană care nu fusese luată în considerare duminică era un bărbat din Fort Worth, Texas.	O altă persoană, un bărbat din Fort Worth, Texas, a dispărut, de asemenea.	The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
0.8	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> a pierdut 11,91 puncte, sau 1,19 la sută, ajungând la 986,60.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, bazat de tehnologie, a scăzut cu 16,68 puncte, sau 1,01 procente, la 1.636,94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
4.091	Membrii AFTRA au aprobat fuziunea printr-un vot de 75,88% la 24,12%.	AFTRA, pe de altă parte, a aprobat fuziunea cu 75%.	AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
2.25	Moneda s-a depreciat ușor luni, pentru a tranzacționa la 55,34 / 39, nu departe de minimul său record de 55,75.	Moneda s-a depreciat luni dimineață, dar a revenit în tranzacționare la 55,25 / 29, puțin schimbată față de vineri.	The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.	The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
5.0	În timp ce alte părți ale Africii au fost utilizate ca terenuri de organizare a grupului terorist, Malawi nu fusese anterior un obiectiv major al investigațiilor asupra al-Qaida.	În timp ce alte părți ale Africii au fost folosite ca terenuri de organizare a Al Qaeda, Malawi nu fusese anterior un obiectiv major al investigațiilor asupra grupului.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
3.75	Duminică, un soldat american a fost ucis și un altul rănit în sudul Irakului, când a explodat un depozit de muniții.	Duminică, un soldat american a fost ucis și un altul rănit atunci când un depozit de muniții pe care îl păzeau a explodat în sudul Irakului.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
3.667	„Sunt foarte încântat să fiu parte din Cleveland Cavalier”, a spus James.	„Sunt foarte încântat să merg la Cleveland”, a declarat James pentru ESPN.com.	"""I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier,"" James said."	"""I'm really excited about going to Cleveland,"" James told ESPN.com."
2.667	Potrivit oficialilor, persoana arestată era un cunoscut hacker sofisticat.	Potrivit oficialilor, individul a decriptat parolele de pe server.	According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.	According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
3.333	Cu excepția acuzațiilor de litigiu, pierderea RIM s-a micșorat și mai mult la 1 cent pe acțiune.	Cu excepția litigiilor privind brevetele, pierderea RIM pentru trimestrul respectiv a fost de 700.000 dolari, sau 1 cent pe acțiune.	Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.	Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
3.0	Indicele Standard & Poor's 500 .SPX a câștigat 19,72 puncte, sau 1,98 la sută, până la 1.015,69.	Media industrială Dow Jones .DJI a crescut cu 2,09 la sută, în timp ce indexul 500 Standard & Poor .SPX a sărit cu 2,23 la sută.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
3.444	De asemenea, va contribui la reforma Poliției Regale a Insulelor Solomon, va consolida sistemul judiciar și al închisorilor și va proteja instituțiile cheie, cum ar fi Ministerul Finanțelor, de intimidare.	Forța de intervenție va confisca arme, va reforma poliția, va consolida instanțele și sistemul penitenciar și va proteja instituțiile cheie, cum ar fi Ministerul Finanțelor.	It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.	The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
3.8	Domnul Alibek a spus: „Rezultatele noastre sunt foarte încurajatoare.”	„Rezultatele noastre sunt foarte încurajatoare”, a spus cercetătorul George Mason, Ken Alibek.	"Mr Alibek said: ""Our outcomes are very encouraging."	"""Our outcomes are very encouraging,"" George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said."
3.6	Un juriu l-a condamnat pe rapperul C-Murder, cunoscut și sub numele de Corey Miller, pentru crimă de gradul al doilea marți seara, în urma morții prin împușcare a unui tânăr de 16 ani într-un club de noapte din parohia Jefferson.	Rapperul C-Murder a fost condamnat pentru crimă de gradul al doilea, o crimă care implică o condamnare automată pe viață, în urma morții prin împușcare a unui tânăr de 16 ani într-un club de noapte din parohia Jefferson.	A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
5.0	Celelalte serii ale lui Wells includ ER și Third Watch de la NBC.	Printre celelalte serii ale lui Wells se numără „ER” și „Third Watch” de la NBC.	Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.	"Wells' other series include NBC's ""ER"" and ""Third Watch."""
3.0	Treizeci și trei dintre cei 42 de bărbați fuseseră arestați miercuri seară, a declarat Daniel Bogden, procuror american din Nevada.	Treizeci și patru dintre bărbați au fost arestați și ceilalți sunt căutați, a declarat ieri procurorul american Daniel Bogden.	Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.	Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
3.4	Lance Armstrong, de cinci ori câștigător al Turului Franței și supraviețuitor al cancerului, a oferit vineri câteva sfaturi pentru alți supraviețuitori de cancer din Denver.	Lance Armstrong, de cinci ori câștigător al Turului Franței, este astăzi la Denver pentru o întâlnire legată de cancerul căruia i-a supraviețuit.	Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
3.8	Ea trăiește mai mult decât a trăit el, la fel ca și cei patru copii ai lor - fiii Anthony și Kelly, fiicele Linda Hope și Nora Somers - și patru nepoți.	Soția lui Hope încă trăiește; fiii Anthony și Kelly; fiicele Linda și Nora Somers; și patru nepoți.	She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
3.6	Poliția folosind spray cu ardei a arestat 12 persoane luni seara la un marș și la un miting de aproximativ 400 de activiști care protestau împotriva unui seminar de instruire anual al Unității de Informații pentru Aplicarea Legii.	Poliția a folosit spray cu piper și gloanțe de cauciuc pentru a împrăștia marșul și mitingul din centrul orașului la care se protesta împotriva unui seminar anual de instruire a informațiilor poliției.	Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.	Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
3.6	Departamentul a ordonat o reducere de 18,2% pentru Allstate Texas Lloyds și o reducere de 12% pentru State Farm Lloyds.	Departamentul a ordonat o reducere de 12% pentru State Farm Lloyds, cel mai mare asigurător al statului, și o reducere de 18,2% pentru Allstate Texas Lloyds, al treilea ca mărime.	The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.	The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
2.4	Acțiunile Colgate au închis luni la 56,30 dolari la bursa din New York.	Acțiunile Colgate au scăzut cu 30 de cenți la 56 USD în tranzacțiile de dimineață de pe bursa din New York.	Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
2.4	Mai multe împușcături s-au auzit în întuneric, dar un singur aligator fusese ucis până la ora 23:00.	Câteva împușcături au sunat miercuri seara, dar niciun aligator nu a fost ucis atunci.	Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.	Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
0.889	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> a fost cu 0,46 puncte mai mic, sau 0,05 la sută, la 997,02.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, bazat pe tehnologie, a crescut cu 7,42 puncte sau 0,45 la sută, la 1.653,44.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
4.75	Republicanii s-au angajat să finalizeze un pachet de medicamente inclus în Medicare până în august, apoi au extins termenul până pe 17 octombrie și încă lucrează la el.	Republicanii s-au angajat să finalizeze un pachet de medicamente inclus în Medicare până în august, apoi l-au extins până pe 17 octombrie.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
3.5	Indicele, care măsoară activitatea în sectorul serviciilor, a urcat luna trecută la 50,7 de la 47,9 în martie.	ISM bazat în Arizona a raportat luni că indicele său neproductiv a crescut la 50,7 luna trecută, de la 47,9 în martie.	The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
5.0	Bush intenționează să se întâlnească miercuri cu primul ministru israelian Ariel Sharon și cu noul premier palestinian, Mahmoud Abbas, în portul iordanian Aqaba.	Miercurea viitoare, domnul Bush se va întâlni cu premierul israelian Ariel Sharon și cu noul lider palestinian Mahmoud Abbas la Aqaba, Iordania.	Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
3.6	„Spre deosebire de multe alte firme de internet în stadiu incipient, se crede că Google este profitabil.	Google, care este administrat în mod privat, este considerat ca fiind profitabil.	"""Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable."	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
3.0	Putem să presupunem că Senatul este pregătit să adopte o formă de plafon, a spus King.	Putem să presupunem că Senatul este pregătit să treacă o formă de plafon ... Nivelul acestuia va fi dezbătut.	"""It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap,"" King said."	Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
3.8	Și când a fost întrebat dacă a simțit regret sau vinovăție în legătură cu atacul, răspunsul său a fost „nu”.	Întrebat dacă a simțit vreun regret în legătură cu atacul din 12 octombrie, răspunsul a fost un „nu” ferm.	"And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant ""no""."	"Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant ""no""."
3.0	Un alt mare câștigător a fost Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - știri - oameni), care a înregistrat cu 32% mai mult.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - știri - oameni) a crescut cu 38%, devenind cel mai mare câștig procentual din Nasdaq.	Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
1.8	Russ Britt este șeful biroului din Los Angeles pentru CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church este șefa biroului londonez al CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
4.8	„Dacă aprobi această factură, Big Brother te va urmări”, a spus reprezentantul John Mabry, D-Waco.	„Dacă adoptați această factură”, le-a spus colegilor reprezentantul John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, „Fratele cel mare vă va urmări”.	"""If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you,"" said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco."	"""If you pass this bill,"" Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, ""Big Brother will be watching you."""
3.8	Douglas Robinson, vicepreședinte senior al finanțelor, va prelua funcția de director financiar interimar.	Douglas Robinson, vicepreședinte senior al finanțelor din CA, va ocupa funcția între timp.	Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
4.0	Mai multe state și guvernul federal au adoptat ulterior interdicții similare sau mai stricte.	Urmând exemplul Californiei, mai multe state și guvernul federal au adoptat interdicții similare sau mai dure.	Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.	Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
4.6	Totuși, el a menționat că Miami trebuie să decidă până pe 30 iunie dacă va solicita aderarea la ACC pentru următorul an școlar pentru a respecta instrucțiunile Big East.	Totuși, el a menționat că Miami trebuie să decidă dacă va deveni membru A.C.C. până pe 30 iunie pentru a respecta instrucțiunile Big East.	Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
4.8	Veniturile pentru „The Hulk” sunt cu mult sub cele ale adaptării Marvel Comics de luna trecută, „X2: X-Men United”, care a încasat 85,6 milioane de dolari în weekendul de deschidere.	Hulk a fost în urma adaptării Marvel Comics de luna trecută, X2: X-Men United, care a încasat 85,6 milioane de dolari în weekendul de deschidere.	"Revenues for ""The Hulk"" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, ""X2: X-Men United,"" which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend."	The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
2.0	Acțiunile EchoStar din Littleton, Colorado, au crescut cu 1,63 dolari, sau 5,3 la sută, la 32,26 dolari la 10:55 a.m.	Luni, acțiunile EchoStar (DISH: știri, grafic, profil) au scăzut cu 1,40 USD, sau 4,4%, la 30,63 USD.	Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
3.2	Semnăturile valabile a 897.158 de alegători din California trebuie colectate și transmise oficialilor electorali ai comitatului până pe 2 septembrie.	Pentru a forța o retragere a mandatului lui Davis, semnăturile valabile ale 897.158 de votanți înregistrați în California trebuie să fie predate oficialilor electorali.	The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.	To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
2.2	Nota de referință de 10 ani US10YT = RR a pierdut 11/32 din preț, ducându-și randamentul la 3,21 la sută de la 3,17 la sută târziu luni.	Mai departe de curbă, nota de referință de 10 ani US10YT = RR a scăzut cu 18/32 din preț, ducându-și randamentul la 3,24 la sută de la 3,17 la sută.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
4.0	MDC a convocat greva pentru al forța pe domnul Mugabe fie să demisioneze, fie să negocieze o soluționare a crizei din Zimbabwe.	MDC a organizat protestul de o săptămână pentru a-l îndemna pe Mugabe fie să demisioneze, fie să negocieze o soluționare a crizei care cuprinde țara.	The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.	The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
1.2	Veniturile au crescut cu 3,9 la sută, la 1,63 miliarde de dolari, de la 1,57 miliarde de dolari.	Compania din McLean, Virginia, a declarat că veniturile din ziare au crescut cu 5%, până la 1,46 miliarde de dolari.	Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.	The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
4.0	În ianuarie 2000, notebook-urile au reprezentat mai puțin de 25% din volumul vânzărilor.	Aceasta se compară cu ianuarie 2000, când laptopurile reprezentau mai puțin de 25% din volumul vânzărilor, a spus NPD.	In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
3.0	Argentinianul Guillermo Coria și olandezul Martin Verkerk sunt în cealaltă jumătate.	Cealaltă semifinală dintre Guillermo Coria din Argentina și Martin Verkerk din Olanda este de asemenea de urmărit.	Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
2.8	- Ce pot să vă spun? a spus unei mulțimi adunate într-un cimitir cu o mie de pietre funerare, multe dintre ele marcând mormintele unor familii întregi.	Domnul Powell a spus unei mulțimi adunate într-un cimitir cu o mie de pietre funerare, multe dintre ei marcând mormintele unor familii întregi.	"""What can I say to you?"" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families."	Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
4.4	Ea avea o singură condiție, cartea să nu fie publicată până la moartea ei.	Ea a insistat, însă, ca aceasta să nu fie publicată decât după moartea ei.	She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
2.6	Descoperirile sunt publicate în ediția din 6 noiembrie a revistei Nature.	Ambele studii sunt publicate joi în revista Nature, jurnalul științific britanic.	The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
1.4	Venitul mediu al gospodăriilor a scăzut cu 1,1 la sută între 2001 și 2002 la 42 409 dolari, după ce s-a luat în considerare inflația.	Același sondaj a constatat că venitul mediu al gospodăriilor a crescut cu 51 USD, luând în considerare inflația, la 43 057 USD.	Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.	The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
3.2	Liderii SUA și europeni s-au angajat miercuri să colaboreze pentru a împiedica Iranul să dezvolte arme nucleare, prezentând un front unit după luni de certuri asupra Irakului.	Bush a declarat că liderii SUA și ai Uniunii Europene, în cadrul unui summit anual de la Washington, au fost de acord cu necesitatea de a împiedica Iranul să dezvolte arme nucleare.	U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.	Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
3.0	A părăsit armata pentru Siria unde a primit pregătire religioasă.	S-a mutat în Siria, unde a urmat o pregătire religioasă suplimentară în credințele islamice tradiționale.	He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
3.273	Ședința era programată să se încheie miercuri seara, participanții aprobând rezoluții care exprimă punctul de vedere al confesiunii asupra problemelor, dar care nu sunt obligatorii pentru biserici.	Miercuri, participanții vor vota rezoluții care exprimă punctul de vedere baptist din sud cu privire la probleme, dar care nu sunt obligatorii pentru bisericile individuale.	The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
4.0	Dar performanța studenților din diferite subgrupuri a etichetat statul ca fiind deficitar în conformitate cu legea federală „Niciun copil nu rămâne în urmă”.	Dar performanța studenților din diferite subgrupuri, cum ar fi cele rasiale, a împins statul pe lista de celor ce necesită o îmbunătățire în temeiul Legii federale denumită Niciun copil nu rămâne în urmă.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
3.25	Acest lucru a dus la recuperarea altarului Cancuen de 270 de kilograme, au anunțat miercuri de Universitatea Vanderbilt din Nashville și de National Geographic Society.	Acest lucru a dus luna trecută la recuperarea altarului Cancun de 600 de livre, au anunțat miercuri Universitatea Vanderbilt din Nashville și National Geographic Society.	This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
3.5	Într-o lovitură nu prea subtilă către Dean, el a prezis că americanii nu vor alege un democrat „care trâmbițează nesigur în aceste vremuri periculoase”.	"Ei nu vor alege ca președinte un democrat care să trâmbițeze nesigur în aceste vremuri periculoase ""."	"In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat ""who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."""	"They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."""
1.75	Raportul prognozează că vor fi 71.079 de puncte de acces la nivel mondial în acest an, în creștere de la doar 14.752 în 2002 și 1.214 în 2001.	Raportul susține, de asemenea, că vor fi până la 9,3 milioane de vizitatori în punctele de acces în acest an, din nou față de cei 2,5 milioane din 2002.	The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
2.7	Un nou studiu, realizat în Europa, a constatat că medicamentul a funcționat la fel de bine ca într-un studiu disputat anterior, sponsorizat de ImClone Systems.	Medicii au concluzionat că Erbitux, medicamentul împotriva cancerului care a băgat ImClone Systems într-un scandal de tranzacții privilegiate, a funcționat la fel de bine precum a reieșit din studiul anterior finanțat de companie.	A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.	Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
3.75	Avocatul ei, Donald Levine, a declarat pentru The Telegraph că i s-au oferit 250.000 USD pentru a-și spune povestea exclusiv televiziunii australiene.	Domnul Levine a spus că i s-au oferit 400.000 de dolari pentru a-și spune povestea unei rețele de televiziune australiene.	Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.	Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
3.75	Perry a chemat parlamentarii în două sesiuni speciale pentru a aborda redistribuirea congresului.	De atunci, Perry a convocat două sesiuni legislative speciale pentru a încerca să forțeze planul de redistribuire.	Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
4.0	Oficialii AirTran și un oficial Boeing au refuzat să comenteze ieri.	Trish York, o purtătoare de cuvânt a Boeing, a refuzat să comenteze afacerea.	AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
4.2	Procesul îl numește pe Shelley, un democrat și registratorii din județele Los Angeles, Orange și San Diego.	Procesul i-a numit pe secretarul de stat Kevin Shelley, democrat, și pe registratorii alegătorilor din comitatele Los Angeles, Orange și San Diego.	The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
3.75	Negociatorii au declarat vineri că au făcut progrese semnificative în timpul celei mai recente runde de discuții privind crearea unui acord de liber schimb cu America Centrală.	Negociatorii au declarat vineri că au făcut progrese în timpul celei mai recente runde de negocieri de liber schimb între Statele Unite și cinci țări din America Centrală, desfășurată săptămâna aceasta la Houston.	Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
3.8	„Este foarte dificil să faci împrumuturi sindicalizate mari în Japonia”, unde există o lipsă de expertiză, spune un bancher.	„Este foarte dificil să faci împrumuturi sindicalizate mari în Japonia”, spune un bancher.	"""It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan,"" where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker."	"""It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan,"" says one banker."
4.4	Cazul vine din Illinois și implică o companie cu scop lucrativ numită Telemarketing Associates Inc.	Cazul decis luni s-a concentrat în jurul unui agent de strângere de fonduri din Illinois, Telemarketing Associates.	The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
4.6	El a îndemnat Congresul să „îmi trimită proiectul de lege final cât mai curând posibil, astfel încât să îl pot semna ca lege”.	„Îndemn Congresul să rezolve rapid orice diferende și să-mi trimită proiectul de lege final cât mai curând posibil, astfel încât să-l pot semna ca lege”, a spus el.	"He urged Congress to ""send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."""	"""I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law,"" he said."
1.667	Domnul Pingeon este director de litigii pentru Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, un grup ce militează pentru drepturile deținuților.	Pingeon a declarat că un avocat al organizației sale, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, l-a intervievat pe Assan marți.	Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.	Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
4.0	Yee este absolvent din 1990 al Academiei Militare SUA din West Point, New York.	Yee a crescut în Statele Unite și a absolvit Academia Militară SUA la West Point.	Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
4.333	PNC regretă implicarea sa în tranzacții, a declarat președintele și directorul executiv James Rohr într-o declarație.	James Rohr, președinte și director executiv, a declarat că PNC regretă incidentul.	"""PNC regrets its involvement"" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement."	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
3.0	CCAG l-a susținut pe Bill Curry, adversarul lui Rowland la alegerile guvernamentale din 2002.	Grupul dlui Swan l-a susținut pe adversarul democratic al guvernatorului, Bill Curry, la alegerile din 2002.	CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
3.5	Ulterior, s-au îndepărtat și au susținut o serie de miliții congoleze rivale în ultimii ani.	Cele două țări invadatoare s-au îndepărtat și, de atunci, au susținut facțiuni rivale.	They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
2.0	Un altul a declarat că membrii săi vor continua să apeleze cele peste 50 de milioane de numere de telefon de pe lista Comisiei federale pentru comerț.	Între timp, Asociația de marketing direct a declarat că membrii săi nu ar trebui să apeleze cele aproape 51 de milioane de numere de pe listă.	Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
3.75	Animatorul veteran Bob Hope sărbătorește joi 100 de ani - și mulți ani în showbusiness -.	Hollywoodul și lumea se pregătesc să sărbătorească joi cea de-a 100-a aniversare a legendarului animator Bob Hope.	Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
1.8	Problemele de prăbușire au depășit numărul de avansanți de aproape 2 la 1 pe bursa din New York.	Avansatorii au depășit numărul declinatorilor cu aproape 8-3 pe NYSE și peste 11-5 pe Nasdaq.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
2.667	Un aerodrom plutitor cu o punte de zbor care acoperă 4,5 acri, construcția navei a durat aproximativ cinci ani.	Reagan, un aerodrom plutitor cu o punte de zbor care acoperă 4,5 acri, este al nouălea transportator de clasă Nimitz construit la șantierul naval Newport News.	A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
3.8	Sunt foarte mândru de cetățenii acestui stat, a spus guvernatorul John Baldacci, un dușman al cazinourilor.	Sunt foarte mândru de cetățenii acestui stat, a declarat guvernatorul John Baldacci după ce voturile de la referendumul de marți au fost numărate.	Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.	"""I´m very proud of the citizens of this state,"" Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted."
2.2	De asemenea, o colegă de muncă rănită a fost internată în spital și a fost declarată ca fiind în stare bună.	O femeie a fost declarată ca fiind în stare bună la campusul Memorial HealthPark, a spus el.	An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
4.333	Victima altercației armate a fost dusă la Centrul Spitalului Județean Kings, unde a murit ulterior, au spus polițiștii.	Victima, care nu a fost identificată, a fost dusă la Spitalul Județean Kings, unde a fost declarată moartă.	The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
2.333	Au raportat simptome de febră, dureri de cap, erupții cutanate și dureri musculare.	Simptomele includ un gât rigid, febră, cefalee și sensibilitate la lumină.	They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
3.25	„Am devenit total străini”, îl citează Klein.	„Am devenit ca niște totali străini”, i-a spus John unui prieten cu două zile înainte de moartea sa.	"""We've become like total strangers,"" Klein quotes him as saying."	"""We've become like total strangers,"" John told a pal two days before his death."
2.25	Davey a absolvit sâmbătă la Northwest College, care este afiliată la Adunările lui Dumnezeu, cu o diplomă de licență în arta religiei și filozofie.	Davey a început să frecventeze Northwest College, care este afiliat la Adunările lui Dumnezeu, în 1999, cu planuri de a deveni preot.	Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
0.75	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, bazat pe tehnologie, a scăzut cu 23,54 puncte, sau 1,42 la sută, la 1.630,08.	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a cedat 11,91 puncte, sau 1,19 la sută, la 986,60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
4.0	„A fost un test final înainte de a livra racheta către forțele armate.	Radioul de stat a declarat că a fost ultimul test înainte ca racheta să fie livrată forțelor armate.	"""It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces."	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
3.5	Retragerea dvs. din țara noastră este inevitabilă, indiferent dacă se întâmplă astăzi sau mâine, iar mâine va veni în curând.	„Retragerea dvs. din țara noastră este inevitabilă, indiferent dacă se întâmplă astăzi sau mâine”, a adăugat vocea, care a semnat, data fiind „jumătatea lunii septembrie”.	"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."""	"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow,"" added the voice, which signed off giving the date as ""mid-September."""
3.75	Potrivit unui comunicat de presă trimis de Fundația Terry Schindler-Schiavo, vorbitorul din Florida, Johnnie Byrd, va prezenta „Terri’s Bill” în cadrul sesiunii speciale de luni.	Președintele Camerei din Florida, Johnnie Byrd, este așteptat să introducă „Terri’s Bill” în timpul unei sesiuni speciale de o zi a legislaturii de stat care se desfășoară astăzi la Tallahassee.	"According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce ""Terri's Bill"" during the special session Monday."	Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
3.75	De asemenea, companiile din Utah se oferă voluntare pentru a afișa alerte Amber pe panourile lor.	Alte companii se oferă voluntar pentru a pune alertele pe afișele lor electronice și pe panourile publicitare.	Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
4.25	Mulțumită creșterii euro față de moneda japoneză, dolarul era la 117,24 yeni, cu mult peste minimul de peste 10 luni de 116 yeni.	Creșterea monedei euro față de yen și speculațiile privind intervenția japoneză au ajutat firma dolarului să ajungă la 117,25 yeni, cu mult peste valoarea minimă de 10 luni de 116 yeni lovită joi.	Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
4.0	Acțiunile rusești au scăzut după arestarea de sâmbăta trecută a lui Mihail Khodorkovsky, director executiv al Yukos Oil, sub acuzația de fraudă și evaziune fiscală.	Arestarea la sfârșit de săptămână a celui mai bogat om din Rusia, Mihail Khodorkovsky, director executiv al principalului companii petroliere YUKOS, sub acuzația de fraudă și evaziune fiscală, a deranjat piețele financiare.	Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.	The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
0.75	Pentru anul acesta, se așteaptă la vânzări de 94 de milioane de dolari și un profit de 26 de cenți pe acțiune din operațiuni continue.	Aceasta este o creștere față de prognoza anterioară de 22,5 milioane de dolari și 5 cenți pe acțiune.	For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.	This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
3.4	După ce Hughes a refuzat să-l angajeze din nou pe Hernandez, el s-a plâns la Comisia pentru șanse egale de angajare.	Hernandez a depus o plângere la Comisia pentru oportunități egale de angajare și a dat în judecată.	After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
2.6	Propunerea lui Dewhurst solicită încetarea bruscă a controversatului plan „Robin Hood” pentru finanțarea școlii.	Comitetul ar propune înlocuirea sistemului de finanțare școlară „Robin Hood”.	"Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial ""Robin Hood"" plan for school finance."	"The committee would propose a replacement for the ""Robin Hood"" school finance system."
3.4	Altor țări și unor creditori privați le sunt datorate cel puțin 80 de miliarde de dolari în plus.	Altor țări le sunt datorate cel puțin 80 miliarde USD (108,52 miliarde USD).	Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.	Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
3.6	Telemarketerii care apelează numerele de pe listă după 1 octombrie s-ar putea confrunta cu amenzi de până la 11.000 USD pe apel.	Conform legii, telemarketerii care apelează numerele de pe listă pot fi amendați cu până la 11.000 USD pentru fiecare încălcare.	Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
5.0	El a explicat că l-a întâlnit pe Antetonitrus când a venit la Wits în 2001 ca asistent de cercetare post-doctoral la Universitatea din Bristol, Anglia.	El a explicat că l-a întâlnit pe Antetronitrus când a venit la Wits în 2001 în timp ce era asistent de cercetare post-doctoral la Universitatea Bristol din Marea Britanie.	He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
4.25	Air Canada, cea mai mare companie aeriană din Canada și numărul 11 ​​din lume, se află sub protecția instanțelor față de creditori de la 1 aprilie.	Compania aeriană nr. 11 din lume, Air Canada se află sub protecția instanțelor împotriva creditorilor de la 1 aprilie.	Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
4.25	De asemenea, juriul l-a găsit pe Gonzales vinovat că a folosit forță excesivă, dând cu spray de piper spre Olvera-Carrera.	Gonzales a fost găsit vinovat că a folosit o forță excesivă prin pulverizarea lui Olvera cu spray de piper.	The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
3.25	Cadavrele unora dintre morți, scoase de sub tren, au fost așezate lângă șine în timp ce serviciile de urgență aduceau sicrie din lemn.	Cadavrele multor morți, trase de sub trenul parțial deraiat, au fost așezate de șine în așteptarea identificării.	The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.	The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
4.25	Garner a declarat că autoproclamatul primar al Bagdadului, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, a fost eliberat în custodia coaliției după două zile .	Garner a declarat că autoproclamatul primar din Bagdad, Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi, a fost eliberat la la sfârșitul lunii aprilie după 48 de ore de detenție.	Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
3.75	„Directorii companiei Enron s-au angajat în fraude extinse și răspândite”, a declarat procurorul Samuel Buell pentru Associated Press.	Directorii companiei Enron s-au angajat în fraude extinse și răspândite pentru a manipula rezultatele câștigurilor companiei, a spus Buell.	"""Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud,"" prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press."	"""Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results,"" Buell said."
4.333	Clienții care plătesc taxa de intrare de 1.219 USD primesc SMS 2003 cu 10 licențe de acces pentru dispozitive client.	Prețul de vânzare cu amănuntul pentru SMS 2003 cu 10 licențe de acces pe dispozitive client este de 1.219 USD.	Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
3.909	Rezultatele sondajului popoarelor indigene din 2001, publicat ieri de Statistics Canada, sugerează că nivelul de trai s-a îmbunătățit, dar este încă mai scăzut pentru cei din afara rezervațiilor.	Sondajul din 2001 asupra popoarelor aborigene, publicat miercuri de Statistics Canada, afirmă că nivelul de trai s-a îmbunătățit, dar rămâne mai scăzut pentru inuiți și pentru cei care își părăsesc rezervațiile adesea sărace.	Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.	The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
3.933	Recenta schimbare pe piața bursieră și o reducere a cererilor de șomaj ar trebui să mențină așteptările consumatorilor la nivelurile actuale și ar putea semnala perioade economice mai favorabile	Recenta schimbare de pe piața bursieră și o diminuare a cererilor de șomaj „ar putea semnala o perioadă economică mai favorabilă”, a spus ea.	"""The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."""	"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims ""may signal more favorable economic times ahead,"" she said."
3.75	Dacă tranzacționarea zilei nu a ieșit cu nimic în evidență, indicele Standard & Poor's 500 se pregătea să închidă cea mai bună perioadă de trei luni de la al patrulea trimestru al anului 1998.	Indicele bursier Standard & Poor's 500 a încheiat trimestrul în creștere cu 120 de puncte, cu o creștere de 14%, cea mai bună performanță pentru acea referință de piață largă din 1998.	While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
4.25	ONA a declarat în mod explicit că nu a primit informații care să indice că rețeaua teroristă Jemaah Islamiyah intenționează să organizeze o operațiune în Bali.	Dar în niciun moment ONA nu a primit informații care să indice că Jemaah Islamiyah plănuia să organizeze o operațiune în Bali.	ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.	"""But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."""
4.25	Aceste rapoarte au fost respinse de ministrul de interne, prințul Nayef.	Cu toate acestea, ministrul saudit de interne, prințul Nayef, a negat rapoartele.	Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
3.5	Bryant a spus anterior că drumeția a avut un impact mai mare asupra cererii decât se așteptau oficialii.	Directorul financiar Andy Bryant a declarat că acea creștere a prețului a afectat mai mult decât se așteptau oficialii.	Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
3.25	Judecătorul Leroy Millette Jr. poate reduce pedeapsa cu închisoarea pe viață fără eliberare condiționată atunci când Muhammad va fi condamnat formal pe 12 februarie, dar judecătorii din Virginia iau rareori astfel de măsuri.	Deși judecătorul poate reduce pedeapsa la închisoare pe viață fără eliberare condiționată, experții spun că judecătorii din Virginia rareori profită de această ocazie.	Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
3.0	O purtătoare de cuvânt de la Strong Memorial Hospital a declarat că Doud se află într-o stare satisfăcătoare marți seară.	Un purtător de cuvânt al Spitalului Strong Memorial a declarat că Doud era în evaluare marți seară în camera de urgență.	A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.	A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
3.8	Ray Brent Marsh, în vârstă de 29 de ani, se confruntă cu mai multe acuzații de fraudă în serviciul de pompe funebre, făcând declarații false, abuzuri asupra unui cadavru și furt.	Ray Brent Marsh, în vârstă de 29 de ani, se confruntă, de asemenea, cu acuzații de abuz asupra unui cadavru și furt.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
3.4	După aceea, președintele colegiului, Paul Pribbenow i-a spus să-și încheie discursul.	După ce microfonul lui Hedges a fost deconectat pentru a doua oară, Pribbenow ia spus să-și încheie discursul.	After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
3.857	Pentru perioada de 12 luni care se încheie pe 30 iunie, conexiunile de mare viteză instalate în case și companii au crescut cu 45%.	Pentru perioada anului care se încheie la 30 iunie 2003, conexiunile de mare viteză au crescut cu 45%.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
4.0	Scurtă și tulburată carieră de baschet din Missouri a lui Ricky Clemons s-a încheiat.	Missouri l-a dat afară pe Ricky Clemons, încheindu-i cariera tulburată acolo.	Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
3.4	Oficialii militari americani spun că suflul de aer creat de elicopter ar fi putut da jos bannerul.	Oficialii americani au declarat că suflul de aer generat de elicopterul staționar a dat jos steagul din turn.	US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	"US officials said downward ""rotor wash"" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower."
3.0	Acordul care intră în vigoare în această săptămână a fost încheiat la mai puțin de două luni după ce O'Malley a preluat conducerea celei de-a patra arhiepiscopii a națiunii.	Acordul de 85 de milioane de dolari a fost încheiat în septembrie, la mai puțin de două luni după ce arhiepiscopul Sean O'Malley a preluat funcția de lider al celei de-a patra eparhii a națiunii.	The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
3.2	Capitoliul din SUA a fost evacuat ieri după ce autoritățile au detectat un material posibil periculos în subsolul aripii Senatului, a spus poliția Capitoliului.	Poliția Capitoliului SUA a evacuat Capitoliul ieri după ce un senzor a detectat un posibil pericol biologic în aripa Senatului, dar autoritățile au declarat ulterior că este o alarmă falsă.	The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
3.6	Fostul președinte a susținut, de asemenea, numeroase discursuri în 2002, fără a fi plătit, a declarat purtătorul de cuvânt al acestuia, Jim Kennedy.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al acestuia, Jim Kennedy, a declarat că fostul președinte a susținut, de asemenea, peste 70 de discursuri în 2002, fără plată.	The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
1.6	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a scăzut cu 0,04 puncte, sau 0 la sută, la 971,52.	Cei 500 de indici bursieri privitori la înțelegerile economice date de Standard & Poor pentru luna iunie au scăzut cu 2,60 puncte la 965,70, în timp ce înțelegerile economice ale lui Nasdaq au scăzut cu 7,50 puncte la 1.183,50.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
3.8	Supranumit Project Mad Hatter, desktopul bazat pe Linux este promovat de Sun ca o alternativă mai sigură și mai puțin costisitoare la Windows.	Proiectat pentru a concura cu Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter este poziționat de Sun ca un sistem de operare alternativ mai ieftin și mai sigur pentru diversele oferte de desktop ale Microsoft.	Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
2.0	O figură cheie din schema de corupție a fostului trezorier de stat Paul Silvester a fost acuzată miercuri că și-a schimbat povestea despre presupusele relații corupte ale lui Silvester cu o firmă de investiții din Boston.	Un jucător cheie în schema de corupție a fostului trezorier de stat Paul Silvester a mărturisit marți despre mitele pe care Silvester le tranzacționa pentru afaceri de stat.	A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
3.6	„Misiunea sistemului CAPPS II a fost și va fi întotdeauna securitatea aviației”, a spus administrația, care face parte din Departamentul de Securitate Internă.	„Misiunea sistemului CAPPS II a fost și va fi întotdeauna securitatea aviației”, au spus ei.	"""The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security,"" said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department."	"""The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security,"" they said."
4.5	Hovan nu a vorbit, dar avocatul său, John Speranza, a spus că clientul său „nu s-a trezit în acea zi” intenționând să rănească pe cineva.	Hovan „nu s-a trezit în acea zi” intenționând să rănească pe cineva, a declarat avocatul apărării John Speranza.	"Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client ""did not wake up that day"" intending to hurt anyone."	"Hovan ""did not wake up that day"" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said."
4.0	„Credem că nu este necesar să avem o luptă divizorie de confirmare pentru o numire la Curtea Supremă”, a scris Daschle.	Credem că nu este necesar să avem o luptă de confirmare divizorie, a scris președintele republican Daschle din Dakota de Sud.	"""We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment,"" Daschle wrote."	"""We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight,"" Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president."
3.0	Yahoo reprezintă 159.354 dintre site-urile BSD, cu 152.054 de la NTT / Verio și 129.378 de la Infospace, a constatat sondajul.	Alte 152.054 provin de la compania de servicii IP NTT / Verio și 129.378 de la InfoSpace, a constatat sondajul.	Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.	Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
3.769	În cea mai recentă redare la CNN, Teya Ryan renunță la postul de director general al programelor americane, a anunțat rețeaua.	În cea mai recentă mișcare a CNN de a revigora ratingurile, rețeaua l-a destituit pe Teya Ryan, directorul general al programelor SUA.	In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
3.4	El este suspectat că este o figură cheie în Jemaah Islamiyah, grupul terorist legat de Al-Qaeda, care a fost învinuit pentru atentate.	Samudra, în vârstă de 32 de ani, este suspectat că este o figură cheie în grupul terorist Jemaah Islamiyah, legat de al-Qaida, care a fost învinuit pentru bombardamente.	He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
1.8	Aproximativ 100 de pompieri se află astăzi în pădure, a declarat șeful pompierilor din Albuquerque, Robert Ortega.	Eram la câteva secunde distanță de a se întâmpla acest lucru, a spus șeful pompierilor din Albuquerque, Robert Ortega.	About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	"""We were seconds away from having that happen,"" Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said."
3.0	Problema a fost rezolvată, a declarat președintele Marlins, David Samson, prin intermediul unui purtător de cuvânt al clubului.	Marlinii au spus doar: „Problema a fost rezolvată”.	"""The issue has been resolved,"" Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman."	"The Marlins only said: ""The issue has been resolved."""
3.0	Ministerul Sănătății din China a declarat că alte cinci persoane au murit de Sars și alte 159 au fost infectate.	Luni, China a declarat că alte nouă persoane au murit din cauza SARS și că încă 160 au fost infectate cu virusul.	China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.	On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
4.25	Acțiunile McDonald's au crescut cu 1,83 dolari, sau 8,3 la sută, pentru a se închide la maximul zilei, de 23,89 dolari.	Acțiunile McDonald's au crescut cu 1,83 dolari pentru a închide vineri la 23,89 dolari la bursa din New York.	Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.	McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
4.0	El a spus că FDA speră că Congresul și instanțele vor aduce claritate situației și o anumită ușurare a poverii financiare pentru consumatori.	El a spus că FDA speră că Congresul și instanțele vor aduce claritate situației și o anumită ușurare a poverii financiare pentru consumatori - poate înainte de alegerile din 2004.	He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.	He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
4.0	Ernst & Young nu au recunoscut nicio acțiune greșită în ceea ce privește acordul.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al Ernst & Young, Kenneth Kerrigan, a declarat că firma nu admite nicio acțiune greșită.	Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
3.625	Martorul, un însoțitor de parcare kosovar în vârstă de 27 de ani, condamnat penal pentru înșelăciune, a fost plătit 10.000 de News of the World.	Martorul a fost un însoțitor de parcare kosovar în vârstă de 27 de ani, care a fost plătit de News of the World, potrivit instanței.	The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.	The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
3.5	Diferențele dintre Grassley și Thomas în ceea ce privește energia și Medicare au devenit atât de evidente, încât alți membri spun că relația lor personală furioasă jenează partidul.	Diferențele lor în ceea ce privește energia și Medicare au devenit atât de accentuate, încât alți membri spun că este jenant pentru partid.	The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
3.2	El a rănit un paznic și apoi a fugit, înjunghind doi trecători în timp ce fugea de-a lungul promenadei.	Apoi a înjunghiat doi trecători în timp ce fugea de-a lungul unei promenade de lângă Marea Mediterană.	He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.	He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
3.4	El și colegii săi au atribuit o parte a decalajului de comunicare medicilor care se simt presați de timp.	El a pus o parte din lipsa de comunicare pe seama medicilor care se simt presați de timp; pacienții au citat disconfort discutând probleme financiare.	He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.	He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
4.0	Poliția de stat a declarat că până la 30 de muncitori au fost prinse în interior imediat după prăbușirea garajului.	Până la 30 de persoane se credea că au fost prinse în interior inițial, a spus poliția de stat.	State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
4.8	LOS ANGELES - „The Hulk” a fost un monstru la box-office în weekendul său de debut, obținând un record pentru iunie de 62,6 milioane de dolari.	„The Hulk” a încasat 62,6 milioane de dolari la box-office, o deschidere monstru și un nou record pentru iunie.	OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.	"""The Hulk"" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record."
2.4	Felicitări pentru că ați fost numită Persoana anului în revista Time.	Revista Time a numit soldatul american Persoana anului pentru 2003.	Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
3.2	Actul de acuzare a declarat că a participat la întâlniri importante pentru a planifica atacurile, a recrutat colegi atacatori și a coordonat operațiunea.	Samudra nu era prezent la Bangkok, potrivit acuzării, dar a participat la o serie de întâlniri înainte de atacuri, recrutând colegi atacatori și coordonând operațiunea.	The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.	Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
4.2	De asemenea, va oferi lui Microsoft posibilitatea de a comenta cu privire la ameliorările propuse de Comisie.	Printre altele, Microsoft trebuie să comenteze ameliorările propuse în răspunsul său.	It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
5.0	Texanii împovărați cu primele exorbitante pentru proprietarii de case ar putea da de liniște în cele din urmă.	Se observă o ameliorare pentru texani, care sunt împovărați cu primele exorbitante pentru proprietarii de case.	Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
3.4	Șase democrați se luptă pentru a-l succeda pe Jacques și s-au calificat pentru primul scrutin din 3 februarie.	Șase democrați și doi republicani candidează pentru locul ei și s-au calificat la scrutinul primar din 3 februarie.	Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
4.0	Halliburton a reiterat marți susținerea că KBR a „livrat combustibil Irakului la cea mai bună calitate, cel mai bun preț și cele mai bune condiții”.	Credem că KBR a livrat combustibil în Irak la cea mai bună calitate, la cel mai bun preț și în cele mai bune condiții, a spus purtătorul de cuvânt al Halliburton, Wendy Hall.	"Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had ""delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms""."	"""We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms,"" Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said."
3.333	Elecia Battle, din Cleveland, a declarat polițiștilor că și-a scăpat poșeta când a părăsit Quick Shop Food Mart săptămâna trecută după ce a cumpărat biletul.	Elecia Battle și-a scăpat poșeta după ce a cumpărat biletul Mega Millions Lottery săptămâna trecută și crede că biletul a fost luat de vânt.	Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
3.2	Printre clienți se numără Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp și Sony.	Printre clienții MediaQ se numără principalii producători de dispozitive portabile Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell și Sony.	Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.	MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
4.0	Cleveland Cavaliers a câștigat dreptul de a-l recruta pe James câștigând joi seara loteria anuală a NBA.	Așa a fost cazul și joi seară când Cleveland Cavaliers a câștigat „LeBron James Lottery”, cunoscută și sub denumirea de loteria de recrutare NBA.	The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.	"Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the ""LeBron James Lottery,"" otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery."
3.8	Cercetătorii au descoperit că muncitorii scunzi au auzul mai prost decât estimările pentru vârsta lor.	„Muncitorii scunzi aud mai prost decât se aștepta pentru vârsta lor - de trei ori mai frecvent decât muncitorii mai înalți”, scrie Barrenas.	Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	"""Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers,"" writes Barrenas."
2.2	Domnul Colpin nu a specificat dacă acest sistem se află în centrul anchetei.	Nici OLAF, nici procurorii belgieni nu au precizat dacă acest sistem a fost în centrul anchetei.	Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.	Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
3.75	Până acum, vânzările de PC-uri orientate spre divertisment au fost limitate la Statele Unite, Canada și Coreea.	Computerele sunt vândute în prezent în Canada, Statele Unite și Coreea.	Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
3.0	Ballmer a fost în trecut avertizat că Linux este o amenințare pentru Microsoft.	În memo, Ballmer a reiterat amenințarea open-source pentru Microsoft.	Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
1.25	Indicele larg de 500 de acțiuni Standard & Poor's a crescut cu 4,83 puncte sau 0,49% până la 980,76.	Cei 500 de indici bursieri privitori la înțelegerile economice date de Standard & Poor pentru luna iunie au scăzut cu 4,40 puncte la 983,50, în timp ce înțelegerile economice ale lui Nasdaq au scăzut cu 6,5 puncte la 1.206,50.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
3.25	Talabani i-a spus că Consiliul de guvernare va „avea nevoie de asistență și consiliere ONU în implementarea noilor decizii care au fost luate”.	Talabani i-a spus că liderii irakieni vor „avea nevoie de asistență și sfaturi ale ONU în implementarea noilor decizii care au fost luate” privind organizarea unui guvern interimar irakian până în iunie.	"Talabani told him the Governing Council would ""need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."""	"Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would ""need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken"" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June."
3.333	Stanford (46-15) joacă astăzi cu Carolina de Sud (44-20) într-un joc din prima rundă pe stadionul Rosenblatt din Omaha, Neb.	Stanford (46-15) joacă cu Carolina de Sud (44-20) vineri în jocul de deschidere al turneului cu dublă eliminare.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
2.0	Același sondaj făcut cu o lună în urmă l-a dat pe Street înaintea lui Katz cu 42 la 34 la sută, și 21 la sută indeciși.	În urmă cu o lună, în același sondaj, Katz conducea 46 - 40%.	The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.	One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
3.0	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> a avansat cu 11 puncte, sau 1,25 la sută, la 931.	Indicele Standard & Poor's 500 a câștigat 10,89, sau 1,2%, până la 931,12 începând cu 12:01 p.m. în New York.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
3.667	Dar nu își dau seama de asta până nu este prea târziu (bineînțeles), deoarece sunt potențiale victime într-un film de groază.	Dar nu își dau seama de asta până nu este prea târziu (bineînțeles) pentru că sunt potențiale victime.	But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.	But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
3.667	Arthur Benson, avocat al școlilor reclamanților din caz, a declarat că va face apel.	Un avocat pentru școlarii reclamanți a spus că intenționează să facă apel.	Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
4.333	Euro a scăzut cu aproape patru procente de când a atins vârful record de aproximativ 1,1935 dolari săptămâna trecută și a atins un maxim istoric de 140,90 yeni la sfârșitul lunii mai.	Euro a scăzut patru cenți de când a atins un vârf de record de aproape 1,1935 dolari săptămâna trecută și a atins un record de 140,90 yeni la sfârșitul lunii mai.	The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
1.333	Pennsylvania, care are cel mai agresiv program de tratament, tratează 548 din 8.030 deținuți.	Texas, care are de peste trei ori populația deținuților din Michigan, tratează 328 din cei 16.298 de deținuți infectați.	Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.	Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
2.2	Compozitul Nasdaq bazat pe tehnologie a crescut cu 20,96 puncte până la 1595,91 pentru a se încheia la cel mai înalt nivel timp de 12 luni.	Indicele compozit Nasdaq <.IXIC>, bazat pe tehnologie, a urcat cu 19,11 puncte, sau 1,2%, până la 1.615,02.	The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
4.4	Cu funcția Expose, toate ferestrele deschise se micșorează pentru a se încadra pe ecran, dar sunt încă suficient de clare pentru a le identifica.	Cu funcția Expose (ex-poh-SAY), toate ferestrele deschise de pe desktop se micșorează imediat pentru a se încadra pe ecran, dar sunt încă suficient de clare pentru identificare.	With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
3.4	În schimb, procurorii au respins acuzațiile, iar Rucker a părăsit sala de judecată un om liber.	În schimb, a părăsit sala de judecată un om liber după ce autoritățile au respins acuzațiile penale.	Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
4.2	„Acest caz a fost atât provocator din punct de vedere mental, cât și epuizant din punct de vedere emoțional”, a spus președințele juriului, Jim Wolfcale, un preot în vârstă de 41 de ani.	Jim Wolfcale, președintele juriului și preot, a spus: „Acest caz a fost atât provocator psihic, cât și epuizant din punct de vedere emoțional”.	"""This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting,"" said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister."	"Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, ""This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."""
3.0	El ajunge la sfârșitul acestei săptămâni la prima vizită de stat a unui președinte american.	Domnul Bush ajunge marți la prima vizită de stat a unui președinte american.	He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
3.4	Acordul, aprobat de consiliul de administrație al ambelor companii, este de așteptat să fie finalizat în a treia parte a celui de-al treilea trimestru fiscal al Nvidia.	Achiziția a fost aprobată de consiliul de administrație al ambelor companii și se așteaptă să se închidă în al treilea trimestru al acestui an.	The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
2.75	Mixul volatil ar putea prelungi sesiunea dincolo de cele patru zile alocate de Bush, a declarat președintele Senatului, Jim King.	Senatul ar putea sprijini limitarea daunelor neeconomice dincolo de 250.000 de dolari propusă de guvernatorul Jeb Bush, a declarat președintele Senatului, Jim King.	The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
4.0	Peste 100 de ofițeri de poliție au fost implicați în raziile care au fost punctul culminant al unei operațiuni de doi ani care investiga banda importatoare de cocaină și spălarea banilor.	Peste 100 de ofițeri au lansat raidurile de la Londra în faza finală a unei operațiuni de doi ani care investighează un grup infracțional de cocaină și spălare de bani.	More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
1.0	Eliminând elementele extraordinare, câștigurile din trimestrul IV au fost de 64 de cenți pe acțiune, comparativ cu 25 de cenți pe acțiune în anul precedent.	Câștigurile au fost de 59 de cenți pe acțiune pentru cele trei luni încheiate pe 25 mai, comparativ cu 15 cenți pe acțiune cu un an în urmă.	Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.	Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
4.25	Dar la 15 ani, ajunsese la 260 de livre și o decizie dificilă: era timpul să încerc o intervenție chirurgicală.	Însă, la vârsta de 15 ani, ea cântărea 117 kg și a ajuns la o decizie dificilă: era timpul să încerce operația.	But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
3.5	Dacă am putea face asta în întreaga lume, am putea pune capăt terorismului, a spus el.	"Acesta este un spital care tratează pe toată lumea ca pe oameni și, dacă am putea face asta în întreaga lume, am putea pune capăt terorismului ""."	"""If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism,"" he said."	"This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."""
3.067	Dacă este o prezentare Comdex a lui Bill Gates, înseamnă că e timpul pentru noile tablete PC.	Dacă este duminica seara înainte de Comdex, trebuie să fie timpul pentru încă o prezentare a lui Bill Gates.	If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
3.25	Potrivit rapoartelor, Knight ar fi lovit cu pumnul un angajat al parcării în fața unui club de noapte din Los Angeles.	El a fost arestat săptămâna trecută pentru că l-ar fi lovit cu pumnul pe un angajat al parcării în fața unui club de noapte din Los Angeles.	According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.	He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
3.75	Printre cei care așteptau un rând a fost Jodie Singer, o elevă din clasa a șasea din Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, o elevă din clasa a șasea din Washington, D.C., și-a așteptat cu nerăbdare rândul la microfon.	Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
2.25	Dar societatea pentru cancer a declarat că studiul său a fost folosit în mod greșit.	Societatea Americană a Cancerului și mai mulți oameni de știință au spus că studiul este eronat în mai multe moduri.	But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
2.5	Ambii sunt reținuți în închisoarea comitatului Armstrong.	Tătărul a fost deținut fără cauțiune în închisoarea comitatului Armstrong.	Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.	Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
3.75	Câțiva kilometri mai la est se află Tehuacan, unde s-ar putea ca porumbul să fi fost domesticit pentru prima dată acum 4000 de ani.	La câțiva kilometri vest se află piramidele din Teotihuacan, unde s-ar putea ca porumbul să fi fost domesticit pentru prima dată acum 4000 de ani.	A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
3.25	Confuzia a încheiat o săptămână tumultuoasă pentru listă, care este destinată blocării a aproximativ 80% din apelurile de telemarketing.	Serviciul gratuit a fost inițial destinat blocării a aproximativ 80% din apelurile de telemarketer.	The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
4.0	Dorința noastră este să realizăm o restructurare financiară în afara instanței și rămânem optimiști că o putem face, a spus Marce Fuller, director executiv.	Dorința noastră este să realizăm o restructurare financiară în afara instanței, a declarat CEO-ul Mirant, Marce Fuller, într-o declarație pregătită vineri dimineața.	"""Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so,"" chief executive Marce Fuller said."	"""Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court,"" Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday."
3.444	Numiți în plângere erau foștii directori executivi Paul A. Allaire și G. Richard Thoman și fostul director financiar Barry D. Romeril.	Directorii executivi amendați au fost foștii directori executivi șefi Paul A. Allaire și G. Richard Thoman, precum și fostul director financiar Barry Romeril.	Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
4.6	Chera Larkins, în vârstă de 32 de ani, din Manhattan, acuzată de trei căsătorii simulate, este, de asemenea, acuzată de mărturie mincinoasă și depunere a unei instrumentații false.	Chera Larkins, în vârstă de 32 de ani, din Manhattan, a fost acuzată de mărturie mincinoasă și depunere a unei instrumentații false în trei cereri de căsătorie.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
2.8	S-a estimat joi că are o cotă de piață de 51% în Europa.	Boston Scientific a declarat că a câștigat 51% din piața stenturilor căptușite din Europa.	It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
4.8	Comitetul bancar al Senatului este programat să organizeze o ședință marți, unde Donaldson este programat să depună mărturie cu privire la fondurile speculative și mutuale.	Comitetul bancar al Senatului este programat să organizeze o audiere marți, când Donaldson va fi chestionat cu privire la speculații și fonduri mutuale.	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
0.6	Indicele compozit Nasdaq .IXIC, preponderent tehnologic, a scăzut cu 0,11 la sută, sau 1,78 puncte, la 1,594,13.	Indicele larg Standard & Poor's 500. SPX a scăzut cu 0,04 puncte, sau 0 la sută, la 971,52.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
2.75	Domnul Morse este acuzat de agresiune, iar domnul Darvish este acuzat de completarea unui raport fals.	Partenerul său Bijan Darvish este acuzat că a completat un raport fals.	Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.	His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
3.25	A treia numire a fost pentru un nou loc de muncă, vicepreședinte executiv și ofițer șef.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, în vârstă de 53 de ani, a fost numit vicepreședinte executiv și ofițer principal.	The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
1.5	Analiștii se așteptau la o pierdere netă de 54 de cenți pe acțiune, potrivit Thomson First Call.	Analiștii au prognozat vânzări în al doilea trimestru de 614 milioane de dolari, potrivit site-ului web Thomson First Call.	Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
3.0	De asemenea, districtul a trimis ieri scrisori prin care îi informa pe părinți despre situație.	Părinții au primit ieri scrisori prin care îi informau despre posibila contaminare.	The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
3.8	Richard Grasso a renunțat la funcția de președinte săptămâna trecută, după ce a pierdut sprijinul consiliului său de administrație pe fondul furorii publice față de pachetul său salarial de 140 de milioane de dolari.	Grasso a renunțat săptămâna trecută ca urmare a unei furtuni de critici asupra pachetului său de compensații salariale de 140 de milioane de dolari.	Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
4.308	Noile servere vor rula fie Linux, fie versiunea x86 a Solaris, a spus el.	Serverele pot rula sistemul de operare Solaris x86 sau sistemul de operare Linux standard.	The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
3.4	Alunecând pe gheață, Moriarty și Carella au lovit albia spongioasă și stâncoasă a râului și au simțit imediat curentul.	Alunecând pe terasament, cei doi salvatori au lovit albia spongioasă și stâncoasă a râului și au simțit imediat curentul.	Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.	Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
3.2	Cadbury Schweppes intenționează să reducă 5500 de locuri de muncă și să închidă fabricile după o achiziție de 4,9 miliarde de dolari (11,9 miliarde de dolari SUA) în ultimii trei ani costuri umflate.	Cadbury Schweppes a dezvăluit planuri de reducere a 5.500 de locuri de muncă și a 20% din fabricile sale pe parcursul a patru ani, pentru a reduce costurile provocate de o achiziție.	Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
3.5	Domnul Sweeney a prezentat planurile pentru campanie într-un discurs de aseară din Philadelphia din cadrul reuniunii anuale a Asociației Americane de Științe Politice.	Sweeney trebuia să prezinte planurile campaniei într-un discurs sâmbătă seara la reuniunea anuală a Asociației Americane de Științe Politice.	Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
3.75	"Părea un incident izolat "", a declarat Ariel Dean din Washington D.C., care a obținut o diplomă în științe politice."	"Părea un incident izolat "", a declarat absolventul Ariel Dean din Washington, D.C."	"It seemed like an isolated incident,"" said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science."	It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
1.75	Juriul a acordat TVT circa 23 milioane dolari despăgubiri compensatorii și aproximativ 108 milioane dolari daune punitive.	TVT Records a solicitat daune punitive de 360 ​​de milioane de dolari și daune compensatorii de 30 de milioane de dolari, au spus oficialii.	The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
1.25	TVT Records a solicitat daune punitive de 360 ​​de milioane de dolari și daune compensatorii de 30 de milioane de dolari, au spus oficialii.	Pagubele au inclus 24 milioane USD în daune compensatorii și 52 milioane USD în daune punitive pentru IDJ.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.	The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
3.4	Cei doi democrați din grupul de cinci membri FCC au ținut o conferință de presă pentru a influența opinia împotriva lui Powell.	Cei doi democrați din cei cinci membri ai FCC au ținut o conferință de presă pentru a influența opinia împotriva lui Powell și a celorlalți doi republicani ai grupului.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
1.2	Volumele unitare stabilesc, de asemenea, un record, deoarece notebook-urile au reprezentat mai mult de 40% din vânzări.	În mai 2002, LCD-urile reprezentau doar 22% din vânzările de monitoare.	Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.	In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
3.8	În afară de combaterea scăderii vânzărilor, Siebel s-a confruntat și cu unii investitori supărați pe reducerea opțiunilor de gestionare a acțiunilor pe care unii directori de companii le-au încasat.	În afară de o scădere a vânzărilor, Siebel se luptă cu unii acționari în ceea ce privește reducerea opțiunilor de gestionare a acțiunilor.	Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
3.5	Stanford (51-17) și Rice (57-12) vor juca pentru campionatul național în această seară.	Rice (57-12) și Stanford (51-17) se vor întâlni într-un meci decisiv luni la 18:05.	Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
3.5	Un rechizitoriu de 32 de puncte „lovește una dintre cele mai importante ținte din lumea traficului de droguri”, a declarat procurorul american Marcos Jimenez.	Noua acuzare a 32 de capete de acțiune desigilată acuză spălare de bani și conspirație și „lovește una dintre cele mai importante ținte din lumea traficului de droguri”, a spus Jiménez.	"A 32-count indictment ""strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,"" U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said."	"The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and ""strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world,"" Jiménez said."
2.0	Un soldat a fost ucis luni și un altul rănit când convoiul lor a fost ambuscadat în nordul Irakului.	Duminică, un soldat american a fost ucis și un altul rănit atunci când un deposit de muniție pe care îl păzeau a explodat în sudul Irakului.	A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
2.0	O analiză a costurilor este în curs, a declarat Michael Rebell, directorul executiv al CFE.	„Nu căutăm un remediu pentru Robin Hood”, a spus Michael Rebell, directorul executiv al campaniei.	A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.	"""We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy,"" said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director."
4.8	Mergeam pe teren crezând că aș putea face asta, doar dacă jucam cel mai bun tenis.	„Credeam că sunt încrezător că aș putea face acest lucru, dar numai în cazul în care voi juca cel mai bun tenis al meu.	I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"""I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis."
3.8	Dotson le-a spus agenților FBI că l-a împușcat pe Dennehy după ce jucătorul a încercat să-l împuște, conform declarației pe care s-a bazat mandatul de arestare.	Dotson a fost arestat pe 21 iulie după ce i-a spus agenților FBI că a împușcat-o pe Dennehy atunci când Dennehy a încercat să-l împuște, conform declarației din mandatul de arestare.	Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
4.6	Câinii, a spus el, reprezintă a doua categroie numai după cea a oamenilor în ceea ce privește profunzimea înțelegerii și cercetării medicale.	El a spus că câinii reprezintă a doua categroie numai după cea a oamenilor în ceea ce privește profunzimea înțelegerii și cercetării medicale.	Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
1.4	Acțiunea a crescut cu 2,11 dolari, sau aproximativ 11 la sută, pentru a închide vineri la 21,51 dolari la bursa din New York.	Acțiunile PG&E Corp. au crescut vineri 1,63 dolari sau 8% la 21,03 dolari la bursa din New York.	The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
3.6	Eric Gagne a reușit șă obțină a șaptesprezecea încasare din tot atâtea oportunități în timp ce a eliminat trei în a noua și a permis doar o lovitură în teren dată de Greg Norton.	Eric Gagne a reușit șă obțină a șaptesprezecea încasare din tot atâtea oportunități în timp ce a eliminat trei din patru încercări pe care a trebuit să le înfrunte în a noua repriză.	Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.	Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
3.0	Guvernul lui Blair a inclus acuzația conform căreia Saddam a căutat uraniu de la Niger într-un dosar din septembrie 2002, care pregătea cazul pentru acțiuni militare.	Marea Britanie a inclus acuzația într-un dosar din septembrie 2002, care pregătea cazul pentru războiul din Irak.	Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
1.6	Fără a lua în considerare prețurile la energie, prețurile cu amănuntul au scăzut cu 0,9 la sută.	Prețurile energiei au scăzut cu 8,6%, cel mai mare declin din iulie 1986.	Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
4.0	Nava spațială este programată să decoleze chiar mâine sau vineri seara de pe site-ul de lansare Jiuquan din deșertul Gobi.	Nava spațială este programată să decoleze între miercurea și vinerea viitoare de pe un site de lansare în deșertul Gobi.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
2.4	Hong Kong a stagnat, Australia, Singapore și Coreea de Sud au pierdut 0,2-0,4%.	Australia a stagnat, Singapore a scăzut cu 0,3 la sută până la prânz și Coreea de Sud a adăugat 0,2 la sută.	Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.	Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
3.5	SUV-urile parcate pe străzile rezidențiale din Monrovia au fost etichetate cu „ELF” și alte lozinci, iar altul a fost incendiat în fața unei case, a spus sergentul Tom Wright.	Mai multe SUV-uri parcate pe străzile rezidențiale din Monrovia au fost etichetate cu „ELF” și alte lozinci, a spus sergentul Tom Wright.	"SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ""ELF"" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said."	Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
5.0	Sunt suspectate cel puțin încă 11 cazuri în Indiana și trei în Illinois.	Există, de asemenea, cel puțin trei cazuri suspecte în Illinois și 11 în Indiana.	At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.	There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
5.0	Pilula, pe care o numesc „polipilula”, ar conține aspirină, un medicament care scade colesterolul, trei medicamente care scad tensiunea arterială folosind jumătate din doza standard și acid folic.	Ingredientele unei astfel de polipilule ar conține aspirină, o statină care scade colesterolul, trei agenți care scad tensiunea arterială cu jumătate de doză și acid folic.	"The pill, which they call the ""polypill,"" would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid."	The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
4.0	Ei circulă cu mașinile lor, în timp ce oamenii sunt uciși la 500 de metri distanță, a spus el duminică.	„Ceea ce fac ei acum este să conducă în mașini, în timp ce oamenii sunt uciși la 500 de metri distanță.	"""They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away,"" he said on Sunday."	"""What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away."
3.0	În cadrul ședinței de sesizare de marți, Marsh a pledat nevinovat la 122 de acuzații de fraudă în serviciul de înmormântări și 47 de acuzații de a face declarații false.	La ședință, el a pledat nevinovat pentru acuzațiile de fraudă și declarații false.	At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
1.333	Totuși, veniturile din primele suplimentare nu ar fi uriașe.	Cum ar fi încasate primele suplimentare?	Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.	How would the extra premiums be collected?
3.8	Semiconductorul gigant Intel Corp a declarat ieri că profiturile sale din al doilea trimestru s-au dublat față de acum un an, întrucât cererea care a fost mai puternică decât era de așteptat pentru microprocesoarele de computer a compensat slăbiciunea afacerii sale cu cipuri de comunicații.	Profiturile Intel Corp. în al doilea trimestru s-au dublat, iar veniturile au crescut cu 8% față de acum un an, întrucât gigantul producător de cipuri a raportat o cerere mai mare decât se aștepta pentru microprocesoare pentru computerele personale.	Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.	Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
3.0	Schroeder și-a anulat vacanța italiană după ce Stefani a refuzat să-și ceară scuze pentru insultă, care a venit după ce Berlusconi a comparat un politician german cu un gardian al unui lagăr de concentrare nazist.	Comentariile lui Stefani au stârnit în continuare tensiuni după ce săptămâna trecută, premierul italian Silvio Berlusconi a comparat un membru german al Parlamentului European cu un gardian al unui lagăr nazist.	Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.	Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
2.667	Software-ul OpenManage de la Dell include pachete de actualizare Dell cu SMS pentru a ajuta la automatizarea gestionării hardware-ului serverului, a aplicațiilor și a patch-urilor sistemelor de operare cu un singur instrument.	Pachetele de actualizare ajută la „automatizarea gestionării hardware-ului serverului, aplicațiilor și patch-urilor sistemelor de operare folosind un singur instrument”, ceea ce este neplăcut de vag.	Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.	"The update packages help ""automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool,"" which is unpleasantly vague."
4.0	Va fi măturat în orice minut sau doar va muri de frig, se gândi Moriarty.	Din vârful terasamentului, Moriarty s-a gândit: „Va fi măturat în orice minut sau doar va muri de frig”.	He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.	"From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, ""He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."""
3.0	Ja'neh al LURD a cerut, de asemenea, un guvern interimar și desfășurarea unei forțe occidentale de menținere a păcii conduse de SUA.	Rebelii cer, de asemenea, desfășurarea unei forțe de menținere a păcii conduse de SUA.	LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.	The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
4.0	Purtătorul de cuvânt al KEDO, Roland Tricot, a declarat: „Comitetul executiv a decis să trimită această întrebare capitalelor.	Comitetul executiv a decis să trimită acest lucru către capitale, a declarat Organizația Coreeană pentru Dezvoltarea Energiei.	"KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: ""The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals."	"""The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals,"" the Korean Energy Development Organization said."
2.75	Obligațiunile de stat la 10 ani de la Trezoreria de referință au pierdut 17/32, generând 4,015 la sută.	Nota de referință pe 10 ani a scăzut recent cu 17/32, pentru a produce 4.067 la sută.	Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
4.0	Procurorii au discutat în mai și au cerut ca rapoartele de autopsie să fie desigilate după ce părți din raportul de autopsie al lui Conner Peterson favorabil apărării au fost difuzate în mass-media.	Au cerut ca rapoartele de autopsie să fie desigilate după ce părți din raportul de autopsie asupra fiului nenăscut al lui Peterson, care erau favorabile apărării, au fost difuzate în mass-media.	Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
1.5	Volumul a fost moderat la 827,68 milioane de acțiuni, în creștere față de cele 798,95 milioane la același moment marți.	Volumul a ajuns la 439,66 milioane de acțiuni, sub valoarea de 450,39 milioane din același moment miercuri.	Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.	Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
3.75	Acțiunile Penn Traffic s-au închis miercuri la 36 de cenți pe acțiune pe Nasdaq, în creștere cu doi cenți.	Stocul Penn Traffic s-a închis miercuri la 36 de cenți, în creștere cu 2 cenți sau 6,2 la sută, de la închiderea de marți.	Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.	Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
2.75	Legislația puternic contestată care ar schimba legea statului privind preluarea și ar ajuta o companie de dezvoltare din Michigan să se apere de o preluare a lămurit Senatul statului joi.	Legislația care ar schimba legea de confiscare a statului și ar ajuta Taubman Centers Inc., cu sediul în Bloomfield Hills, să respingă o preluare de 1 miliard de dolari a câștigat aprobarea comisiei marți.	Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
4.0	Cu toate acestea, alte sindicate, inclusiv puternica CGT, au rămas în opoziția reformei și au cerut guvernului să înceapă noi negocieri cu ei.	Cu toate acestea, puternicele CGT și alte sindicate au rămas contrare planurilor și au cerut guvernului să renegocieze reforma cu acestea.	However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
1.5	Familia deține cluburile de striptease Cheetahs aici și în Las Vegas.	Perchezițiile au fost efectuate simultan cu raidurile asupra cluburilor de striptease din San Diego și Las Vegas.	The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
1.8	Noul proiect de lege ar acoperi 95% din costurile medicamentelor de peste 5.100 de dolari în baza Medicare.	Mai mult decât atât, persoanele în vârstă ar fi responsabile pentru 100% din costurile medicamentelor până când suma ce trebuie scoasă din buzunar ar ajunge la 3.600 dolari.	The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.	Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
4.0	Câteva mii de trupe de infanterie a 3-a, inclusiv echipa de luptă a brigăzii a 3-a cu sediul la Fort Benning din Columbus, au început să se întoarcă săptămâna trecută.	Câteva mii de soldați, majoritatea din echipa de luptă a Brigăzii a 3-a a diviziei cu sediul la Fort Benning din Columbus, au început să se întoarcă săptămâna trecută, zborurile continuând până vineri.	Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.	A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
3.6	Se crede că câinii de preerie vânduți ca animale de companie exotice au fost infectați într-un magazin de animale de companie din Illinois de un șobolan gigant gambian importat din Africa.	Se crede că câinii de la prerie s-au infectat într-un magazin de animale de companie printr-un șobolan gambian importat din Africa.	Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
3.4	Apărarea nu poate face apel la hotărârea lui Roush decât după proces.	Avocații apărării nu pot face recurs împotriva deciziei decât după proces, în instanțele de apel.	The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.	Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
2.6	Comitetul a fost numit de secretarul apărării, Donald Rumsfeld, la ordinele Congresului.	Audierea publică este a doua pentru grupul creat de secretarul apărării Donald Rumsfeld sub presiunea Congresului.	The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.	The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
3.25	Fostul reprezentant al Indiana, Frank McCloskey, în vârstă de 64 de ani, a murit duminică la Bloomington după o luptă cu cancerul la vezica urinară.	McCloskey a murit duminică după-amiază în casa sa, după o luptă de un an cu cancerul la vezica urinară.	Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
3.75	Spitalele și Crucea Roșie au apelat ieri la donatorii de sânge.	Asociația Spitalului Connecticut s-a alăturat luni Crucii Roșii pentru a cere mai mulți donatori de sânge.	Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
4.0	Mexic dorește să garanteze siguranța cetățenilor.	Mexic dorește să evite mai multă violență.	mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety.	mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
4.2	Spania deține în prezent președinția rotativă a OSCE.	Spania deține în prezent președinția OSCE.	spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce.	spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
4.2	tratatul a fost semnat pentru prima dată în 1990.	tratatul CFE a fost semnat în 1990.	the treaty was first signed in 1990.	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
3.2	Gorgich și Pashtoon au fost executați în închisoare.	Gorgich și Pashtoon au fost executați pentru trafic de heroină în provincia Sistan-Baluchestan.	gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison.	gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
0.6	Safe Bourada a fost condamnat la 15 ani de închisoare.	Djamel Badaoui a fost condamnat la cinci ani.	safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.	djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
3.6	Santos a declarat că materialul radioactiv este baza principală pentru generarea armelor brute de distrugere în masă și terorism.	uraniul este un material radioactiv, care este baza principală pentru generarea armelor murdare de distrugere în masă și terorism.	santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
3.6	fulvio berghella a declarat că viermele digital numit SQ Hell a fost deosebit de virulent și s-a reprodus cu o rată de 8000 de ori pe oră.	Fulvio Berghella a afirmat că viermele digital numit sq hell are o capacitate foarte mare de a se replica și viermele digital numit sq hell încetinește rețeaua de calculatoare poste italiane și face unele computere inoperabile.	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour.	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.
2.0	Ingo Kober a declarat că există un interes mai mare pentru drepturile de proprietate intelectuală acum decât era în urmă cu 20 sau 30 de ani.	Ingo Kober a declarat că unele națiuni au drepturi de proprietate intelectuală mai puternice decât altele.	ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago.	ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
4.4	Anchetatorii susțin că compania britanică a fost o acoperire a CIA.	Anchetatorii ruși au afirmat că compania britanică era o acoperire a CIA.	investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
1.4	Rusia și țările membre ale NATO vor organiza întâlniri în această toamnă cu privire la tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa (CFE).	parlamentul rus a votat în unanimitate suspendarea participării Rusiei la tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa (CFE).	russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe).	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
4.6	Guvernul Statelor Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să ratifice tratatul modificat până când oficialii din Moscova retrag trupele din fostele republici sovietice ale Moldovei și Georgiei.	Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat ratificarea tratatului modificat până când Rusia se retrage complet din Moldova și Georgia.	the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
2.0	Rusia nu va crește imediat forța militară de-a lungul frontierelor rusești.	Rusia nu ar ezita să crească forța militară de-a lungul frontierelor rusești, dacă va fi nevoie.	russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders.	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
2.2	Centrul va fi operațional în august 2008.	Centrul se va deschide oficial în 2009.	the center will be operational in august 2008.	the center will formally open in 2009.
3.8	poliția braziliană înconjoară mahalalele la nord de Rio de Janeiro pentru a le scăpa de traficanții violenți de droguri.	ofițerii de poliție au înconjurat mahalalele de la nord de Rio de Janeiro pentru a le scăpa de traficanții violenți de droguri și a confisca arme și droguri.	brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers.	the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
3.6	problemele de neproliferare regionale și internaționale ar trebui abordate prin dialog și negocieri.	a doua propunere a fost ca problemele de neproliferare regionale și internaționale să fie abordate prin dialog și negocieri.	regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
2.6	bombardamentele au avut loc în Afganistan pe măsură ce atacurile insurgenților anti-guvernamentali au crescut în ultimele zile.	un bombardament a avut loc în Afganistan, dar poliția nu a precizat încă cine este responsabil.	bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days.	a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
4.8	Site-urile guvernamentale georgiene sunt supuse unui atac cibernetic intens în urma loviturilor militare rusești împotriva Georgiei de la sfârșitul săptămânii trecute.	atacurile cibernetice au urmat atacurilor militare rusești lansate împotriva Georgiei la sfârșitul săptămânii trecute.	georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week.	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
3.8	Relațiile comerciale și diplomatice ale Elveției cu Iranul au fost criticate în ultimele luni după ce ministrul de externe Micheline Calmy-Rey a călătorit la Teheran în martie 2008 pentru a semna un acord cu firma petrolieră de stat din Iran.	Relațiile comerciale și diplomatice ale Elveției cu republica islamică au fost criticate în ultimele luni după ce ministrul de externe Micheline Calmy-Rey a călătorit la Teheran în martie 2008 pentru a semna un acord pentru benzină.	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm.	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
2.8	tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa limitează numărul de aeronave militare, tancuri și alte arme grele non-nucleare din Europa.	Tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa a fost semnat de membrii ruși și NATO în 1990.	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
3.6	Uniunea Africană a propus o misiune de menținere a păcii pentru a ajuta guvernul de tranziție în luptă al Somaliei să stabilizeze Somalia.	Uniunea Africană a propus o misiune de menținere a păcii pentru a ajuta guvernul de tranziție care se luptă să stabilizeze somalia, în special după retragerea forțelor etiopiene.	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia.	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.
4.2	Rapoartele afirmă că guvernul sirian ascundea o instalație nucleară în locul atacat.	Experții UN au început să analizeze rapoartele care afirmă că guvernul sirian ascundea o instalație nucleară în locul atacat.	reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
3.4	medicamentul este, de asemenea, cunoscut sub numele de gheață sau shabu.	metamfetamina este cunoscută și sub numele de gheață.	the drug is also known as ice or shabu.	methamphetamine is also known as ice.
4.0	eforturile naționale, regionale și internaționale pentru a pune capăt comerțului ilicit cu arme de calibru mic și armament ușor.	comunitatea globală trebuie să coopereze pentru a pune capăt comerțului ilicit cu arme de calibru mic și armament ușor.	national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
4.0	Extremismul religios continuă în Pakistan, în ciuda interzicerii grupurilor militante.	Extremismul religios continuă în Pakistan, în ciuda interzicerii grupurilor militante de către guvernul pakistanez.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
3.2	oficialii ruși au cerut o conferință privind tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa pentru a discuta ratificarea tratatului modificat.	Antonov a vorbit cu o zi înainte de o conferință despre tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa.	russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty.	antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
4.4	președintele rus semnează un decret de suspendare a aplicării de către Rusia a tratatului european de control al armelor.	președintele Vladimir Putin a semnat un decret prin care suspendă participarea Rusiei la tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa.	russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty.	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
5.0	Myanmar a fost cunoscută anterior ca Birmania.	Myanmar a fost numită anterior Birmania.	myanmar was formerly known as burma.	myanmar was formerly called burma.
0.0	Alto Huallaga este situat la nord-est de capitala Lima.	Puerto Cabezas este situat la 557 km nord-est de Managua, Nicaragua.	alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima.	puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.
3.8	NATO regretă decizia Rusiei de a suspenda participarea la CFE.	Decizia Rusiei de a suspenda participarea la CFE este un pas în direcția greșită.	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.	russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
4.2	încălcările drepturilor omului în Myanmar includ execuții sumare, tortură și recrutarea de copii soldați.	aceste încălcări ale drepturilor omului includ executări sumare, tortură și recrutarea copiilor	human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers.	these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child
2.4	Generalul Nikolai N. Urakov a declarat prin telefon că Centrul științific de stat pentru microbiologie aplicată are sisteme de protecție destul de fiabile în caz de urgență.	Generalul Nikolai N. Urakov este directorul de multă vreme al Centrului științific de stat pentru microbiologie aplicată.	general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency.	general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
3.6	Alstom este în competiție cu țările japoneze și germane pentru contract.	Alstom concurează împotriva companiei japoneze Shinkansen și a companiei germane ICE pentru contract.	alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract.	alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
3.8	legislația este cel mai recent efort al Japoniei de a atribui mai multă libertate armatei sale strict controlate și ar răsturna interzicerea utilizării militare a spațiului.	legislația este cel mai recent efort al Japoniei de a acorda mai multă libertate armatei strict controlate, cunoscută tehnic drept forță de autoapărare.	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space.	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.
2.0	Coreea de Sud lansează un nou tren glonț care atinge 300 km / h.	Coreea de Sud are un sistem de trenuri glonț din anii 1980.	south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph.	south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
2.2	Rusia este membru al cvartetului din Orientul Mijlociu.	Rusia este membru al NSG.	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.	russia is a member of the nsg.
4.6	Anatoly Sokolov a anunțat: sistemul de apărare antirachetă construit de sovietici în jurul Moscovei este învechit și ineficient.	sistemul de apărare antirachetă construit de sovietici în jurul Moscovei este învechit și ineficient.	anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
0.6	afacerea este în proces de câțiva ani.	IAEA investighează de 4 ani activitățile nucleare ale Iranului.	the deal has been in process for several years.	the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
3.2	respectarea obligațiilor de neproliferare va spori încrederea reciprocă și va încuraja cooperarea internațională în domeniul energiei nucleare.	Zhang Yan a declarat că toate țările ar trebui să respecte obligațiile de neproliferare pentru a spori încrederea reciprocă și a crea un mediu solid pentru cooperarea internațională în domeniul energiei nucleare.	adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy.	zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
4.0	compania franceză de energie și transport Alstom poate semna un contract pentru construirea unei legături feroviare de mare viteză între Beijing și Shanghai.	Alstom poate semna un contract pentru construirea unei legături feroviare de mare viteză între Beijing și Shanghai.	french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
2.0	niciun alt medicament nu a devenit la fel de esențial în decenii.	medicamentul există sub alte forme de ani de zile.	no other drug has become as integral in decades.	the drug has been around in other forms for years.
3.4	agenția internațională pentru energie atomică a ajuns la un acord cu oficialii iranieni și a declarat că nu mai există probleme și ambiguități în ceea ce privește programul și activitățile nucleare iraniene.	acordul spunea că nu au mai rămas probleme și ambiguități în ceea ce privește programul și activitățile nucleare ale Iranului.	the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.	the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
3.8	poliția din Beijing a reținut mai mult de 20 de persoane, inclusiv 8 străini, suspectați de consumul și traficul de droguri din 2 pub-uri dintr-o zonă populară din centrul orașului.	poliția din Beijing a reținut mai mult de 20 de persoane cu suspiciunea de consum și trafic de droguri în 2 baruri din centrul orașului.	beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area.	beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
4.2	Rusia a ratificat tratatul actualizat în 2004, dar Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să facă acest lucru, susținând că Moscova trebuie mai întâi să își îndeplinească obligațiile de a retrage forțele din Georgia și din regiunea separatistă moldovenească transnistreană.	Rusia a ratificat versiunea modificată, dar Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să facă acest lucru până când guvernul rus își va retrage trupele din fostele republici sovietice ale Moldovei și Georgiei.	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester.	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
3.2	există opinii contradictorii cu privire la dimeniunea prejudiciului suferit de insurgenți.	violența continuă în ciuda opiniilor contradictorii cu privire la amploarea daunelor suferite de grupurile rebele.	there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency.	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
5.0	provincia helmand este cea mai mare regiune producătoare de opiu din lume.	provincia helmand este cel mai mare producător de opiu din lume.	helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region.	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
1.8	poliția a declarat că tsai wen-huang va fi extrădat în Taiwan.	poliția a declarat că Chung a fost pe fugă.	police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan.	police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
1.6	2 dintre persoanele arestate au fost eliberate.	2 dintre zambienii arestați sunt minori.	2 of the individuals arrested were released.	2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.
4.6	președintele mexican felipe calderon a trimis 2800 de agenți speciali și soldați la sinaloa din cauza gradului ridicat de criminalitate organizată și trafic de droguri.	președintele mexican felipe calderon a trimis 2800 de agenți speciali și soldați la sinaloa pentru a combate traficul de droguri.	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking.	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
1.8	Berlinul va găzdui întâlniri la nivel înalt în octombrie pentru a salva forțele convenționale cheie din tratatul european de control al armelor din Europa (CFE).	Rusia și-a suspendat participarea la un tratat cheie european de control al armelor care guvernează desfășurarea trupelor în Europa.	berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe).	russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
1.8	întâlnirea osce a durat două zile.	întâlnirea osce a avut loc la Madrid.	the osce meeting lasted two days.	the osce meeting was held in madrid.
4.8	tratatul CFE a fost semnat în 1990.	tratatul CFE a fost instituit în 1990.	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.	the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
4.4	Iran insistă asupra faptului că programul vizează exclusiv activități pașnice, cum ar fi generarea de	Iranul insistă asupra faptului că programul său nuclear are scopuri pașnice	iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
3.4	China este o forță importantă pentru protejarea păcii mondiale.	China este o forță importantă pentru promovarea dezvoltării mondiale.	china is an important force for safeguarding world peace.	china is an important force for promoting world development.
4.4	Coreea de Nord neagă implicarea ei în orice program nuclear din Siria.	Coreea de Nord neagă implicarea ei în orice proiect nuclear sirian.	north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria.	north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
1.2	un purtător de cuvânt pentru stockwell day nu a fost disponibil imediat pentru	autoritățile chineze nu au fost disponibile imediat pentru comentarii.	a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
3.8	Kim Myong-chol a avertizat că, dacă ar exista o interdicție a navelor nord-coreene, guvernul nord-coreean va riposta cu un atac de rachete nucleare asupra unor orașe importante precum New York și Washington.	Kim Myong-chol a declarat că Coreea de Nord va riposta cu un atac de rachete nucleare asupra unor orașe importante precum New York și Washington DC.	kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington.	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
3.8	Iranul este cel mai prolific aplicator al pedepsei cu moartea din lume după China.	Republica Islamică este cel mai prolific aplicator al pedepsei cu moartea din lume după China.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
1.4	John Duncan este ambasadorul Marii Britanii pentru controlul multilateral al armelor și dezarmare.	la adunarea ONU, guvernul chinez solicită eforturi sporite asupra controlului global al armelor și al dezarmării dezarmarea.	john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament.	at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
4.0	tratatul a fost modificat în 1999 după prăbușirea uniunii sovietice.	tratatul a fost modificat în 1999 pentru a reflecta schimbările de la despărțirea sovietică.	the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union.	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
4.4	Kashmir este împărțit între India și Pakistan.	Kashmir este revendicat atât de India, cât și de Pakistan.	kashmir is divided between india and pakistan.	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
1.4	Coreea de Sud și Israelul se opun proliferării armelor de distrugere în masă și unei curse de înarmare.	China se va opune hotărât proliferării armelor distructive în masă.	south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race.	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
3.4	Kadhafi avertizează că eșecul nostru și al Marii Britanii de a compensa Libia pentru dezarmarea nucleară va descuraja Iranul și Coreea de Nord de la dezarmare.	eșecul țărilor occidentale de a compensa suficient Libia va descuraja Iranul și Coreea de Nord de la dezarmare.	kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming.	western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
3.4	Rusia a ratificat tratatul modificat.	Rusia a ratificat tratatul actualizat în 2004.	russia ratified the amended treaty.	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
3.4	un personal format din 30 de specialiști va desfășura activități de cercetare și instruire cu privire la războiul cibernetic și va fi pregătit să asiste membrii NATO cu răspunsuri la orice atacuri cibernetice viitoare.	un personal format din 30 de specialiști va efectua cercetări și instruire în domeniul războiului cibernetic.	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks.	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.
3.0	aripa de tineret a lui Jamaat-i-Islami a organizat o demonstrație separată în Kashmir.	Demonstrația Aripii de Tineret din cadrul mișcării Jamaat-i-Islami a fost împotriva unui atac american asupra Irakului.	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir.	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
3.8	Iranul este cel mai prolific aplicator al pedepsei cu moartea din lume după China.	Republica Islamică este cel mai prolific aplicator al pedepsei cu moartea din lume după China.	iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
4.4	China se va opune hotărât mijloacelor de livrare a armelor distructive în masă.	China s-a opus întotdeauna proliferării armelor de distrugere în masă.	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
3.4	o prăbușire a ordinii în China va duce la tulburări globale semnificative.	o prăbușire a ordinii în China va fi mai gravă decât în ​​Afghanistan sau Iugoslavia.	a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil.	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
4.0	Coreea de Nord și-a revendicat ambițiile nucleare, iar în prezent Coreea de Nord ar avea rachete care vizează Japonia.	Coreea de Nord s-a lăudat cu ambiții nucleare și Coreea de Nord este acum raportat ca având rachete antrenate pe	north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan.	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
0.8	Abuja este capitala	Tshinvali este capitala Georgiei.	abuja is the capital of	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
4.6	guvernul Statelor Unite a acuzat guvernul iranian că încearcă să dezvolte arme nucleare sub acoperirea unui program nuclear civil.	SUA și aliații au acuzat Iranul că a încercat să dezvolte arme nucleare sub masca unui program nuclear civil.	the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program.	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
1.0	Tirana este capitala	Abuja este capitala	tirana is the capital of	abuja is the capital of
3.2	într-un conflict armat, poliția iraniană ucide 4 presupuși traficanți de droguri, arestează 2 și confiscă aproape 5 tone metrice de opiu și morfină.	în timpul ciocnirilor armate din sud-estul Iranului, poliția a confiscat aproape 5 tone metrice (5,5 tone) de opiu și morfină.	in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine.	during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
3.6	proiectele nucleare ale Iranului sunt pentru scopuri pașnice.	Iranul insistă asupra faptului că programul său nuclear este pentru scopuri pașnice	iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes.	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
4.2	China se va opune hotărât proliferării armelor distructive în masă.	China se va opune hotărât mijloacelor de livrare a armelor distructive în masă.	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
1.2	China este cel mai apropiat aliat al Coreei de Nord.	Coreea de Nord este un stat izolat.	china is north korea's closest ally.	north korea is a reclusive state.
4.2	ministrul de externe libian Abdel Rahman Shalgam a vizitat Londra în timpul primei vizite a unui ministru libian de externe din 1969.	vizita lui Shalgam la Londra este prima de către un ministru libian de externe din 1969.	libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
3.6	Goff a declarat că acest lucru reprezintă o amenințare majoră la adresa securității globale.	prezintă o amenințare majoră la adresa securității globale.	goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security.	it presents a major threat to global security.
2.0	Cambodgia și Vietnamul au finalizat un acord pentru oprirea traficanților de droguri asiatici și europeni.	oficialii sirieni și ruși au semnat un acord de cooperare în combaterea traficului de droguri.	cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers.	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
4.2	activiștii au afirmat că Rusia închide oameni fără dovezi de activitate ilegală.	Rusia întemnițează oameni fără dovezi ale activității ilegale.	activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity.	russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
3.8	restricționarea grupurilor extremiste devine din ce în ce mai dificilă din cauza modului în care sunt finanțate grupurile.	a declarat Bruguiere - restricționarea grupurilor extremiste, în special în toată Europa, a devenit din ce în ce mai dificilă din cauza modului în care grupurile sunt finanțate.	restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.	bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
1.2	Zabol este un oraș din sud-estul Iranului.	Khoramabad este un oraș din vestul Iranului.	zabol is a town in southeastern iran.	khoramabad is a city in western iran.
3.25	deținuții vor fi acuzați de omucidere, colaborare criminală, răpire și finanțarea terorismului și includ membri ai armatei și ai poliției.	Iguaran a declarat că deținuții vor fi acuzați de omucidere, colaborare criminală, răpiri și finanțarea terorismului.	detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police.	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
4.2	tijele existente ar putea produce 3-6 bombe atomice în 6-8 luni.	experții au declarat că tijele ar putea produce 3-6 bombe atomice în 6-8 luni.	existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
2.4	este posibil ca agenția internațională de energie atomică să fi fost păcălită pentru că era dornică de o înțelegere.	planul agenției internaționale pentru energie atomică stabilește negocieri pentru mai multe luni.	the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal.	the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
4.6	Guvernul din Myanmar a declarat că în Myanmar opiumul nu se va mai distribui până în 2014.	Guvernul din Myanmar a declarat că Myanmar este pe cale să fie fără droguri până în 2014.	myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014.	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
4.4	grupul evreu-american, liga anti-defăimare (ADL), a publicat în aprilie 2008 reclame pe pagini întreagi în ziare elvețiene și internaționale, acuzând Elveția de finanțarea terorismului prin acord.	liga anti-defăimare a lansat reclame de pagini întregi în ziare elvețiene și internaționale mai devreme în aprilie 2008, acuzând Elveția că finanțează terorismul prin intermediul acordului.	jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
1.8	Franța oferă rachetele, arme și motoare.	Marea Britanie furnizează rezervoare de combustibil și cutii de viteze.	france provides the rockets, guns and engines.	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
3.2	infracțiunile capitale în Arabia Saudită includ viol, crimă, apostazie, jaf armat și trafic de droguri.	infracțiunile capitale în Iran includ crimă, viol, jaf armat, trafic serios de droguri și adulter.	capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking.	capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
3.4	Bae Systems este cea mai mare companie de apărare din Marea Britanie.	Bae Systems este cea mai mare armată din Marea Britanie	bae systems is the uk's largest defense company.	bae systems is the uk's largest military
2.8	lavrov a spus secretarului de stat al Statelor Unite, Condoleezza Rice, că Rusia rămâne deschisă pentru dialog.	secretarul de stat al Statelor Unite Condoleezza Rice a cerut Rusiei să-și retragă forțele.	lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue.	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
3.8	alte persoane și entități sunt supuse unei înghețări a activelor.	rezoluția include o listă extinsă de persoane și entități supuse înghețării activelor.	additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze.	the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.
3.4	retragerea din tratat ar permite Rusiei să consolideze forțele în apropierea frontierelor rusești.	retragerea din Tratatul de forțe convenționale din Europa ar permite Rusiei să consolideze forțele în apropierea frontierelor rusești.	withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.	withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
1.8	fan a declarat că comisia este preocupată în primul rând de termenul investițiilor viitoare în taiwan.	fan a declarat că comisia se va asigura că angajamentele vor fi respectate odată ce investițiile sunt în curs de desfășurare.	fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan.	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
2.8	Purtătorul de cuvânt al guvernului, Maseko, a declarat că, dacă documentele administrative sunt în ordine, guvernul din Africa de Sud nu poate interveni pentru a împiedica transportul armelor prin teritoriul său către o țară vecină fără ieșire la mare.	Purtătorul de cuvânt, Themba Maseko, a declarat, atât timp cât documentele administrative sunt în ordine, Africa de Sud nu poate interveni pentru a împiedica transportul de arme prin teritoriul sud-african în Zimbabwe.	government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country.	spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
3.2	Declarația președintelui Dmitri Medvedev a fost urcată/postată pe site-ul web al Kremlinului și transmisă integral de agențiile de știri de stat.	declarația a fost postată pe site-ul web al Kremlinului și transmisă de agențiile de știri de stat.	president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies.	the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
1.8	Turkmenistanul se învecinează cu Afghanistanul.	sistan-baluchestan se învecinează cu Afghanistanul și Pakistanul.	turkmenistan borders afghanistan.	sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
3.4	numărul execuțiilor a crescut în Iran anul trecut pe fondul unei campanii care vizează îmbunătățirea securității în societate.	numărul execuțiilor a crescut dramatic în 2007 pe mijlocul unei campanii pe care autoritățile iraniene declară că are drept scop îmbunătățirea securității în societate.	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.	the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
5.0	Siria neagă că ar avea un program nuclear nedeclarat.	siria neagă existența unui program nuclear nedeclarat.	syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program.	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
1.4	amnesty international este un grup de drepturi cu sediul în Londra.	institutul internațional pentru studii strategice este situat în Londra.	amnesty international is a rights group based in london.	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
2.2	numărul 254 a fost intabulat cu un număr afp compilat din rapoarte de presă și de martori.	numărul execuțiilor din Iran în 2007 a fost calculat printr-un număr afp compilat din rapoarte de presă.	the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports.	the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
5.0	a declarat guvernul iranian - programul nuclear iranian rămâne pașnic.	guvernul iranian spune că programul nuclear este pașnic.	the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful.	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
0.6	shingarev a spus că este foarte dificil să se facă o armă nucleară din plutoniul din acest combustibil.	donohue a spus că este foarte dificil de manipulat izotopii radioactivi fără a lăsa o urmă.	shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel.	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
0.6	Paris este capitala Franței.	lima este capitala	paris is the capital of france.	lima is the capital of
3.4	un oficial guvernamental indian a vorbit sub condiția anonimatului.	oficialul a vorbit sub condiția anonimatului.	an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity.	the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
4.6	Rusia amenințase de mai multe ori să se retragă din CFE când era în contradicție cu Statele Unite asupra planului lui SUA de a instala un scut antirachetă în est	Rusia a amenințat în repetate rânduri retragerea din CFE în opoziție cu planurile de extindere a scutului american de apărare antirachetă în Europa de Est.	russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
1.8	planul pentru Tunisia este crearea de baze de date electronice pentru a facilita colectarea impozitelor.	planul pentru Nigeria și Mozambic este crearea unei baze de date electronice pentru imobiliare.	the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection.	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
4.2	China a fost lăudată de comunitatea internațională pentru eforturile de a rezolva problema nucleară a peninsulei coreene.	China a fost lăudată în special de statele asiatice-pacifice pentru eforturile de a rezolva problema nucleară a peninsulei coreene.	china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
2.6	ministerul rus de externe a declarat că Rusia nu a suspendat dialogul.	oficialii ruși au declarat că Rusia nu va reconsidera suspendarea.	the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue.	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
2.8	traficanții de arme și cartelurile de droguri trebuie eliminate din Asia de Sud-Est.	traficanții de arme și cartelurile de droguri îi instigă pe teroriști.	arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia.	arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
4.8	noua lege încearcă să elimine orice obstacole legale din calea construirii sateliților spioni mai avansați și să ajute la inovarea industriei spațiale japoneze.	scopul noii legi este eliminarea oricăror obstacole legale din calea construirii sateliților spioni mai avansați și încurajarea inovației în industria spațială japoneză.	the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry.	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
4.4	a declarat zhang - China se opune restricționării utilizării pașnice a energiei nucleare de către statele care nu au arme nucleare pe baza neproliferării, deoarece utilizarea pașnică a energiei nucleare este un obiectiv crucial al NPT.	zhang yan a declarat că China se opune folosirii neproliferării ca pretext pentru restricționarea și privarea statelor care nu au arme nucleare de dreptul utilizării pașnice a energiei nucleare.	zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt.	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.
4.0	expert în neproliferare la institutul internațional de studii strategice Mark Fitzpatrick a declarat că raportul iaea - avea un tenor neobișnuit de puternic.	coleg senior la institutul internațional pentru studii strategice Mark Fitzpatrick a declarat că - planul agenției internaționale de energie atomică este superficial.	non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor.	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
4.2	tratatul limitează numărul de aeronave, tancuri și alte arme grele non-nucleare în întreaga Europă.	tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa limitează numărul de aeronave militare, tancuri și alte arme grele non-nucleare din Europa.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.
3.8	Oficialii estoni au declarat că unele dintre atacurile cibernetice care au determinat închiderea temporară a site-urilor web ale guvernului eston provin de la calculatoare din administrația rusă, inclusiv din biroul președintelui Vladimir Putin.	oficiali din Estonia, inclusiv prim-ministrul Andrus Ansip, au susținut că unele dintre atacurile cibernetice provin de la computerele guvernului rus, inclusiv de la computerele din biroul președintelui rus Vladimir Putin.	estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin.	officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
3.2	Britania a încheiat un acord pentru a furniza Arabiei Saudite jeturi de taifun într-un acord în valoare de aproximativ 8 miliarde de lire sterline (aproximativ 13,9 miliarde de dolari SUA).	Marea Britanie a fost de acord să furnizeze Arabiei Saudite jeturi de taifun într-o afacere în valoare de aproximativ 8 miliarde de lire sterline (aproximativ 13,9 miliarde de dolari SUA) către compania britanică de apărare bae systems.	britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars).	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
3.4	opiul este ingredientul brut pentru heroină.	macii au dat ingredientul brut pentru heroină.	opium is the raw ingredient for heroin.	the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
3.0	wi sung-lac a refuzat să ofere detalii despre proiectul reactorului nuclear nord-coreean.	Coreea de Sud a adoptat până acum o poziție prudentă cu privire la problema proiectului reactorului nuclear nord-coreean.	wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project.	south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
3.4	acordul vizează stabilirea unei cooperări mai largi care să acopere securitatea națională și lupta împotriva terorismului global.	într-o declarație ministerul britanic al apărării a declarat - acordul vizează stabilirea unei cooperări mai largi care să acopere securitatea națională și lupta împotriva terorismului global.	the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.	in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
3.4	mulți dintre cei executați în Iran sunt spânzurați în public.	mulți dintre oamenii executați sunt spânzurați în public.	many of those executed in iran are hanged in public.	many of the people executed are hanged in public.
3.8	Statele Unite și aliații statelor Unite consideră că Iranul urmărește să realizeze arme nucleare.	Statele Unite și unele națiuni europene cred că proiectele nucleare ale Iranului au ca scop fabricarea armelor nucleare.	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.	the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
5.0	cfe este foarte important pentru securitatea europeană.	cfe este un element fundamental al securității europene.	the cfe is very important for european security.	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
5.0	trupele indiene care luptă deja cu rebelii din Kashmir sunt acum angajate într-o campanie masivă de distrugere a culturilor de mac din regiune.	trupele indiene care se luptă deja cu rebelii sunt acum angajate și într-o operațiune masivă de distrugere a culturilor de mac în Kashmir.	indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region.	indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
0.0	problema este delicată.	raportul iaea este restricționat.	the matter is delicate.	the iaea report is restricted.
2.4	săptămâna trecută Rusia a anunțat că va suspenda participarea la CFE.	NATO regretă decizia Rusiei de a suspenda participarea la CFE.	last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe.	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
3.6	SUA, alte națiuni occidentale și NATO au condamnat violența.	SUA, alte națiuni occidentale și NATO au cerut încetarea focului.	the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence.	the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.
2.0	cetățenii indieni constituie cel mai mare număr de deținuți străini în închisorile din Nepal.	traficanții de droguri din țări străine constituie cel mai mare procent de deținuți străini în Nepal.	indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons.	drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
4.2	ordinul judiciar a acuzat raghadul de finanțarea terorismului.	instanța a acuzat-o pe Raghad Sadam Husein de finanțarea terorismului.	the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism.	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
3.75	conducătorii militari din Myanmar au ars droguri ilegale în valoare de aproximativ 250 de milioane de dolari pentru a marca ziua internațională împotriva abuzului de droguri și a traficului ilicit.	conducătorii militari din Myanmar au incinerat drogurile pentru a marca ziua internațională împotriva abuzului de droguri și a traficului ilicit.	myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.	myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
4.0	oficialii iranieni au crescut numărul de execuții în 2007, deoarece oficialii aplică o campanie destinată promovării virtuții și sporirii securității în societate.	numărul execuțiilor a crescut în Iran anul trecut pe fondul unei campanii care vizează îmbunătățirea securității în societate.	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
3.0	India îl acuză pe Islamabad de finanțarea și instruirea gherilelor.	India acuză Pakistanul de finanțarea și instruirea gherilelor transfrontaliere.	india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas.	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
3.6	bătălia și atacurile aeriene care au urmat au ucis cel puțin 10 militanți.	o bătălie care a urmat a ucis cel puțin 10 militanți.	the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
1.8	comunicatul ministerului de externe din Panama a declarat că grupul operativ va facilita transferul tehnologic și va promova producția și consumul de biocombustibili.	comunicatul ministerului de externe din Panama a declarat că Panama și Brazilia au semnat 3 tratate cu probleme juridice care includeau o extrădare	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption.	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
4.8	Vietnam are printre cele mai dure legi din lume privind drogurile.	legile drogurilor din Vietnam se numără printre cele mai stricte legi din lume.	vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws.	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
3.2	guvernul indian a interzis exportul și importul direct sau indirect pentru toate articolele, materialele, bunurile și tehnologia care ar putea contribui la activitățile iraniene legate de îmbogățire, reprocesare sau activitățile legate de apa grea.	India a interzis exportul și importul direct sau indirect pentru toate articolele, materialele, bunurile și tehnologia care ar putea contribui la sistemele de livrare a armelor nucleare ale Iranului.	the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities.	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.
3.8	agenția de știri din Vietnam a raportat că ministerul securității publice a declarat că străinii implicați în cazuri de trafic de droguri din Vietnam proveneau în principal din Laos, Cambodgia, Australia, China, Statele Unite și taiwan.	agenția de știri din Vietnam a raportat că ministerul securității publice a declarat că poliția a recunoscut că traficul de droguri în Vietnam este în creștere, dar acțiunile de prevenire și oprirea a traficului de droguri de-a lungul granițelor au rămas limitate.	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan.	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
5.0	Liderul echipei saferworld privind controalele de transfer și armele mici Roy Isbister a declarat - embargoul UE interzice furnizarea directă sau indirectă a echipamentului militar pentru utilizare în Myanmar.	Liderul echipei saferworld privind controalele de transfer și armele mici Roy Isbister a declarat că - embargoul UE prevede în mod explicit că niciun echipament militar nu ar trebui furnizat direct sau indirect pentru utilizare în Myanmar.	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar.	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
3.2	Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să ratifice tratatul modificat.	Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să ratifice actualizările cfe.	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty.	the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.
3.8	CFE limitează utilizarea forțelor armate și a armelor grele și prescrie măsuri care vizează consolidarea încrederii, transparența și cooperarea între statele membre.	tratatul limitează desfășurarea de tancuri și trupe în țările NATO și fostele țări ale pactului de la Varșovia din Europa de Est și stabilește măsuri de consolidare a încrederii, transparență și cooperare între membrii	the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states.	the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member
1.0	Bulgaria este situată în partea de sud-est a peninsulei balcanice.	activitatea de trafic de droguri este intensă în partea de sud-est a peninsulei balcanice.	bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.	drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
4.0	elbaradei a declarat că aceasta este ultima șansă de a construi securitate în Orientul Mijlociu, bazată pe încredere și cooperare și nu pe deținerea de arme nucleare.	aceasta este ultima șansă de a construi securitate în Orientul Mijlociu, mai degrabă pe încredere și cooperare decât pe deținerea de arme nucleare.	elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons.	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.
2.2	guvernul iranian a respins acuzațiile din informațiile prezentate consiliului internațional al agenției pentru energie atomică ca nefondate și informațiile utilizate pentru susținerea acuzațiilor ca fiind false.	Agenția internațională pentru energie atomică insistă asupra faptului că simplele negări ale guvernului iranian cu privire la informațiile prezentate consiliului agenției internaționale pentru energie atomică nu sunt suficient de bune pentru a potoli suspiciunile țărilor occidentale.	the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake.	the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.
3.2	tratatul cfe a fost instituit în 1990.	tratatul a fost semnat inițial în 1990.	the cfe treaty was established in 1990.	the treat was originally signed in 1990.
4.0	Tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa este considerat un tratat cheie de control al armelor.	Tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa a fost un tratat cheie de control al armelor din epoca sovietică.	the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
3.8	nicaragua a comemorat 25 de ani de la revoluția sandinistă care a răsturnat dictatura lui anastasio somoza, dar a impus un regim de stânga în stil cubanez.	Nicaragua a comemorat 25 de ani de la revoluția sandinistă.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
2.6	13 kurzi din Turcia au fost arestați lângă Paris sub suspiciunea de spălare de bani pentru partidul muncitorilor din kurdistan (pkk).	Zece kurzi sunt cercetați în Franța pentru suspiciunea de spălare a banilor pentru o organizație teroristă cunoscută sub numele de partidul muncitorilor din kurdistan (pkk).	13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk).	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
3.4	întâlnirile au durat 2 zile.	întâlnirea osce a durat două zile.	the meetings lasted 2 days.	the osce meeting lasted two days.
1.4	sătenii se implică din greșeală în traficul de droguri.	105 deținuți execută pedepse pentru trafic de droguri.	the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking.	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
3.2	guvernul rus se opune puternic planurilor Statelor Unite de a instala mijloace de apărare antirachetă în Europa și respinge afirmațiile Statelor Unite că interceptorii sunt necesari pentru apărarea împotriva amenințărilor din Iran.	după discuții la sediul NATO, Baluyevsky a repetat opoziția Rusiei față de planurile Statelor Unite de a instala mijloace de apărare antirachetă în Europa și a respins afirmațiile Statelor Unite că interceptorii erau necesari pentru a apăra împotriva amenințărilor potențiale din Iran.	the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran.	after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
5.0	universitățile din Hong Kong colaborează cu universități, companii și sectoare guvernamentale din China continentală pentru a coordona programe de pregătire și centre de cercetare pentru a promova cercetarea, comercializarea și transferul de tehnologie high-tech.	universitățile din Hong Kong au colaborat cu educația terțiară, sectoarele de afaceri și guvernamentale din China continentală pentru a direcționa programe de pregătire și centre de cercetare pentru a promova comercializarea cercetării și transferul de tehnologie.	hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer.	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
1.0	guvernul chinez a acordat cooperare și asistență activă organizației pentru interzicerea inspecțiilor armelor chimice.	ministerul ecuadorian de externe a spus într-o declarație că delegații organizației pentru interzicerea armelor chimice (opaq) vor participa, de asemenea, la întâlnire.	the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections.	the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
5.0	guvernul mexican a adoptat o serie de măsuri împotriva traficului de droguri și a criminalității organizate în Mexic din 2006.	din 2006 Mexicul a adoptat o serie de măsuri împotriva traficului de droguri și a crimelor organizate.	the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006.	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
5.0	declarația nu specifica cantitatea de focoase pe care racheta este capabilă să le transporte.	declarația nu preciza câte focoase poate transporta racheta.	the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying.	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
4.2	este o amenințare gravă la adresa securității internaționale.	prezintă o amenințare majoră la adresa securității globale.	it is a serious threat to international security.	it presents a major threat to global security.
2.4	Nicaragua a comemorat 25 de ani de la revoluția sandinistă.	nicaragua nu a convenit cum să abordeze aniversarea revoluției sandiniste.	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.	nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
4.2	președintele rus Vladimir Putin afirmă că decizia de a înceta implementarea tratatului forțelor convenționale în Europa este un răspuns pentru planurile Statelor Unite care intenționează să înființeze terenuri de apărare antirachetă în Europa de Est și prentru eșecul lui NATO de a nu ratifica o versiune modificată a tratatului.	președintele rus Vladimir Putin afirmă că decizia este un răspuns pentru planurile Statelor Unite care intenționează să înființeze terenuri de apărare antirachetă în Europa de Est și prentru eșecul lui NATO de a nu ratifca o versiune modificată a tratatului.	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
2.6	institutul național olandez de cercetare tno a efectuat experimente cu arme chimice pentru ministerul olandez al apărării în anii 1950.	un jurnalist hp / detijd a aflat despre experimentele armelor chimice ale tno din arhivele ministerului apărării.	dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s.	a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
3.4	un raport emis de furnizorul de software de securitate mcafee inc., a declarat că hackerii afiliați guvernului din China sunt în fruntea unui război cibernetic rece.	hackerii afiliați guvernului din China sunt în fruntea unui război cibernetic rece în plină expansiune.	a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war.	government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
3.6	tratatul limitează numărul de aeronave, tancuri și alte arme grele non-nucleare din întreaga Europă și a fost semnat pentru prima dată în 1990.	tratatul limitează numărul de aeronave, tancuri și alte arme grele non-nucleare din întreaga Europă.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990.	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.
1.8	multe dintre atacuri au avut originea în străinătate.	oficialii estoni au declarat că atacurile au avut originea în Rusia.	many of the attacks originated abroad.	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
1.4	poliția a arestat 2 suspecți pentru trafic de droguri din Honduras.	poliția bulgară arestează șeful grupului de trafic de droguri.	police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects.	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
3.6	dacă Japonia arată că poate face față unei situații dificile, Japonia nu va fi niciodată bătută nici măcar în ceea ce privește puterea militară.	ozawa a spus că, dacă Japonia arată că poate face față unei situații dificile, atunci Japonia nu va fi niciodată bătută nici măcar în ceea ce privește puterea militară.	if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.	ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
4.0	Egiptul și Iordania au semnat tratatul de neproliferare nucleară și au solicitat mult timp un Orient Mijlociu liber de arme de distrugere în masă.	siria a semnat tratatul de neproliferare nucleară și a permis experților agenției să inspecteze singura sa instalație nucleară cunoscută.	egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction.	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
1.2	Rusia participă deja la agenția spațială europeană	Franța este lider în agenția spațială europeană.	russia already participates in the european space agency's	france is a leader in the european space agency.
3.0	Myanmar este un stat militar.	Myanmar are o juntă militară.	myanmar is a military state.	myanmar has a military junta.
1.8	nu spunea dacă oamenii au fost spânzurați în închisoare.	zeci de astfel de infractori au fost spânzurați în public.	it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison.	dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
3.2	raportul amnesty international a fost compilat de organizațiile neguvernamentale europene și internaționale, cum ar fi saferworld, care se opune violenței armate.	raportul amnistiei internaționale a fost compilat de forurile neguvernamentale europene și internaționale.	amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence.	the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
4.2	un raport de cercetare a politicii publice a declarat că există 27 de state slabe care reprezintă o amenințare la adresa securității naționale a Marii Britanii, întrucât statele ar putea oferi baze teroriștilor.	raportul spunea că există 27 de state slabe care reprezintă o amenințare la adresa securității naționale a Marii Britanii, deoarece statele ar putea oferi baze teroriștilor.	an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
4.0	guvernul iranian a negat acuzația și insistă asupra faptului că programul nuclear este doar în scopuri pașnice.	Iranul insistă asupra faptului că programul său nuclear are scopuri pașnice	the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only.	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
3.2	inițiativa de securitate a proliferării solicită oprirea și percheziționarea navelor suspectate că transportă arme de distrugere în masă.	membrii inițiativei de securitate a proliferării iau în considerare modalitățile de interceptare a navelor sau a aeronavelor suspectate de transport de arme de distrugere în masă.	the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.	members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
3.4	comunitatea internațională ar trebui să se modernizeze și să caute un mod corect, rezonabil și eficient de a îmbunătăți regimul de neproliferare nucleară prin consultări ample.	a treia propunere a fost ca țările să avanseze cu timpul și să caute un mod corect, rezonabil și eficient de a îmbunătăți regimul de neproliferare nucleară printr-o consultare amplă.	the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations.	the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.
3.8	amnesty international a publicat un raport care precizează că un proiect indian de a vinde elicoptere de atac către Myanmar amenință un embargo asupra armelor a Uniunii Europene împotriva Myanmar.	raportul amnistiei internaționale a fost intitulat elicoptere indiene pentru Myanmar: a face o batjocură a embargoului european asupra armelor?	amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar.	the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
2.4	naeem m. a făcut contrabandă cu 10 kilograme (22 de livre) de heroină.	inculpații au făcut contrabandă cu peste 11 kilograme (24 de livre) de heroină.	naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin.	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
3.4	29 de persoane au fost condamnate de tribunalul quang ninh pentru participarea la un cerc de droguri care a traficat heroină din Vietnam în China.	Oficialul tribunalului tran dao a declarat că cele 12 persoane se numără printre 29 de persoane condamnate de către curtea poporului quang ninh pentru participarea la un cerc de droguri care traficează heroină din Vietnam în China.	29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.	court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
2.0	avocatul lui Michael Karras numit s.s. dhillon nu a putut fi contactat pentru comentarii.	autoritățile portuare din Durban și inspectorii polițiști de explozivi nu au putut fi contactați pentru comentarii.	the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment.	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
3.2	țările se opun armării spațiului și o cursă a înarmărilor în spațiu.	China a subliniat că opoziția cu armarea și o cursă a înarmărilor în spațiul cosmic.	the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space.	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
3.4	Franța, Belgia, Germania, Suedia, Italia și Marea Britanie furnizează piese și tehnologie pentru elicopterul de atac (alh).	Franța, Belgia, Germania, Suedia, Italia și Marea Britanie furnizează piese și tehnologie pentru avansatul elicopter ușor pe care India intenționează să îl vândă către Myanmar.	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh).	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.
3.2	traficul ilegal de arme crește în Kenya din cauza disponibilității ușoare și a conflictelor învecinate.	traficul ilegal de arme a crescut în Kenya și a crescut îngrijorarea cu privire la securitate.	illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts.	illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
3.4	n.r. mohanty a declarat că a fost semnat un acord între organizația de cercetare și dezvoltare în domeniul apărării, hindustan aeronautics limited și forța aeriană indiană pentru a moderniza flota îmbătrânită indiană de avioane mig-27 m.	mohanty a declarat că actualizarea va fi făcută în curând fiind aproape finalizată de organizația de cercetare și dezvoltare în domeniul apărării, de hindustan aeronautics limited și de forța aeriană indiană.	n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft.	mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.
4.6	elbaradei afirmă că un acord de pace în Orientul Mijlociu poate fi încheiat doar în paralel cu un acord de securitate bazat pe eradicarea tuturor armelor de distrugere în masă din regiune.	Elbaradei a fost citat spunând că un acord de pace între Israel și vecinii săi arabi trebuie încheiat în paralel cu un acord de securitate bazat pe eradicarea tuturor armelor de distrugere în masă din regiune.	elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
1.6	traficanții de droguri se confruntă cu pedeapsa cu moartea conform legii tajik.	traficantul de droguri afgan a fost prins în Tadjikistan.	drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law.	afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.
5.0	asociația internațională de energie atomică este câinele de pază al națiunilor unite.	agenția internațională de energie atomică este câinele de pază nuclear al ONU.	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.
4.8	wen afirmă că scopul principal al vizitei din Germania este de a promova schimburile comerciale, economice și tehnologice.	wen a declarat că scopul vizitei sale în Germania este de a avansa schimburile comerciale, economice și tehnologice.	wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
1.2	oficialii Statelor Unite nu știu cât de mult a progresat programul de armament nuclear al Coreei de Nord.	Hill este principalul negociator american al programului de armament nuclear din Coreea de Nord.	united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed.	hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.
4.6	7 ofițeri de poliție au fost uciși și 4 ofițeri au fost răniți.	în timpul conflictului, șapte ofițeri de poliție au fost uciși și 4 răniți grav.	7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded.	during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
2.8	șefii apărării din Estonia, Letonia, Lituania, Germania, Italia, Spania și Slovacia vor semna acordul pentru furnizarea de personal și finanțare pentru centru.	șefii apărării din Estonia, Letonia, Lituania, Germania, Italia, Spania și Slovacia au semnat acordul.	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center.	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.
3.4	proiectul de lege care propune noua lege care permite utilizarea programelor spațiale pentru apărare a fost deja aprobat de camera deputaților a guvernului japonez săptămâna trecută.	proiectul de lege pentru noua lege a fost deja aprobat de camera deputaților a guvernului japonez săptămâna trecută.	the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week.	the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
2.6	van der merwe a condamnat geiges la un total de 13 ani închisoare.	van der merwe a suspendat condamnarea lui Geiges la 5 ani închisoare.	van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment.	van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
1.8	zahedan este un oraș în sud-est	bam este un oraș în sud-est	zahedan is a city in southeastern	bam is a city in southeastern
4.4	președintele puțin a declarat că Rusia va lua contramăsuri.	putin a avertizat ca Rusia va lua măsuri de represalii.	president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures.	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
4.0	China s-a opus până acum presiunii Statelor Unite asupra Chinei de a opri și a percheziționa nave nord-coreene.	China a declarat că presiunea Statelor Unite asupra Chinei pentru a opri și a percheziționa nave nord-coreene ar putea declanșa ciocniri militare.	china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships.	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
3.8	Ministrul afacerilor strategice al Braziliei, Roberto Mangabeira Unger, a declarat că noul plan al apărării naționale a Braziliei solicită stabilirea de parteneriate cu țări, inclusiv Rusia și Franța, pentru a construi o industrie de arme de ultimă generație.	Unger a declarat că noul plan de apărare național al Braziliei solicită stabilirea de parteneriate cu țări, inclusiv Rusia și Franța, pentru a construi o industrie de arme de ultimă generație.	brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.	unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
1.6	acuzatul va fi acuzat de trafic internațional de droguri.	unii dintre învinuiți vor fi de asemenea acuzați de spălare de bani, evaziune fiscală și corupție.	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.	some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.
3.6	variantele elicopterului de atac (alh) conțin lansatoare de rachete din Belgia; rachete, tunuri și motoare din Franța; sisteme de frânare din Italia; rezervoare de combustibil și cutii de viteze din Marea Britanie; echipamente de autoprotecție de la o companie suedeză și au primit dezvoltarea de design și fabricarea controlului motorului importantă de la companii germane.	arsenalul alh include - lansatoare de rachete din rachete belgiene, arme și motoare din Franța sisteme de frânare din Italia rezervoare de combustibil și cutii de viteze din Marea Britanie echipamente de autoprotecție de la o companie suedeză.	variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies.	the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.
3.6	ministerul indian al apărării a crescut cheltuielile pentru achizițiile de apărare.	ministerul indian al apărării a crescut cu 33% cheltuielile pentru apărare pentru achiziții noi.	indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases.	indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
0.0	raportul iaea este restricționat.	ucigașii au scăpat.	the iaea report is restricted.	the killers escaped.
2.2	Tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa a fost semnat de membrii ruși și NATO în 1990.	Tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa a fost modificat în 1999.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.	the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
3.6	șeicul doon salad ilmi a spus că victimele civile rezultate din atacurile cu mortar și rachete peste noapte au loc în fiecare zi.	șeicul doon salad ilmi a declarat că victimele civile rezultate din atacurile de mortar și rachete peste noapte sunt internate în spital aproape în fiecare zi.	sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day.	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
1.2	guvernul sud-african menține relații foarte bune cu guvernul statelor unite.	CFE este una din mai multe probleme care au un impact negativ asupra relațiilor Rusiei cu Statele Unite și Europa.	the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government.	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
4.2	sistemele de arme nucleare la un nivel ridicat de pregătire cresc riscul utilizării acestor arme, inclusiv neintenționat, cu consecințe catastrofale.	rezoluția spune că nivelul ridicat de pregătire crește riscul utilizării acestor arme și că utilizarea neintenționată sau accidentală ar avea consecințe catastrofale.	nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences.	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
3.4	blix a afirmat că este esențială creșterea eforturilor de eliminare a armelor nucleare și a armelor de distrugere în masă.	blix a vizitat Noua Zeelandă și a spus că este esențial să se depună eforturi mai mari pentru eliminarea armelor nucleare și a armelor de distrugere în masă.	blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.	blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
0.0	provincia helmand este cel mai mare producător de opiu din lume.	grupul areva este cea mai mare firmă de inginerie nucleară din lume.	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.	the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
3.8	regiunea de frontieră afganistan-iran a fost scena unor ciocniri frecvente între polițiști și traficanți de droguri.	zona din apropierea orașului Mirjaveh a fost scena unor conflicte frecvente între poliția iraniană și traficanții de droguri.	the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers.	the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
4.4	fizicianul danilov a fost condamnat pentru vânzarea de informații clasificate despre tehnologia spațială către China.	fizicianul Valentin Danilov a fost găsit vinovat pentru vânzarea de informații clasificate despre tehnologia spațială către China.	physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china.	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.
3.4	Myanmar este cel mai mare producător mondial de opiu ilegal, dar resursele financiare și tehnice sunt limitate pentru a pune capăt comerțului cu droguri.	Myanmar este cel mai mare producător de opiu ilicit din lume, conform celui mai recent raport anti-stupefiant al departamentului de stat a Statelor Unite.	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade.	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
3.0	grupul de sprijin pentru răpiți speră că parlamentul va schimba legile în curând.	grupul de sprijin pentru răpiți va folosi sondajul pentru a presa parlamentul să adopte noi legi.	the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon.	the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
4.0	Santos a declarat că poliția colombiană a găsit dovezile în 2 computere descoperite cu liderul rebel ucis, Raul Reyes.	francisco santos a declarat că poliția colombiană a găsit dovezile pe două computere descoperite cu raul reyes.	santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes.	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
0.8	do quy gratis este purtător de cuvânt al ministerului vietnamez al culturii și informației.	grenell este purtătorul de cuvânt al misiunii Statelor Unite pentru națiunile unite.	do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information.	grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
4.0	un purtător de cuvânt al Siemens din Germania a declarat că Heinrich von Pierer a declarat că Siemens începe discuții cu părțile chineze interesate despre vânzarea instalației de procesare a plutoniului.	un purtător de cuvânt al Siemens din Germania a declarat că Heinrich von Pierer a declarat că Gerhard Schroeder a declarat că Gerhard Schroeder nu este în principiu împotriva vânzării instalației de procesare a plutoniului.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
5.0	Vietnam are printre cele mai stricte legi din lume privind drogurile.	legile drogurilor din Vietnam este printre cele mai stricte legi din lume.	vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws.	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
1.0	inițiativele guvernamentale de dezarmare au fost ineficiente.	instituțiile de guvernanță au fost ineficiente pentru un timp îndelungat în somalia.	government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective.	governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
5.0	putin a declarat că guvernul rus se poate retrage din tratat in totalitate dacă națiunile occidentale refuză ratificarea tratatului modificat.	putin a declarat că Rusia ar putea renunța la tratat în întregime dacă națiunile occidentale refuză să ratifice versiunea sa modificată.	putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
5.0	Rusia a ratificat versiunea modificată a tratatului.	Rusia a ratificat tratatul modificat.	russia ratified the amended version of the treaty.	russia ratified the amended treaty.
2.2	osce a discutat despre posibila extindere a misiunii osce în kosovo.	Osce a discutat despre oferta Kazahstanului de a deține președinția Osce în 2009.	the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo.	the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
4.8	elbaradei este șeful agenției internaționale de energie atomică.	Mohammed Elbarade este directorul general al agenției internaționale pentru energie atomică.	elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief.	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
1.8	tratatul de neproliferare nucleară are 37 de ani.	tratatul de neproliferare nucleară este revizuit la fiecare 5 ani.	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old.	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
2.2	Purtătorul de cuvânt al ministerului chinez de externe, Jiang Yu, a declarat că hacking-ul cibernetic este o problemă globală.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al ministerului chinez de externe qin gang a fost rugat să răspundă la discursul lui Cheney despre dezvoltarea militară a Chinei.	chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue.	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
2.6	uzina va fi construită lângă o uzină existentă și este proiectată să fie operațională în 7 ani.	uzina va fi construită lângă o uzină existentă, furnizată tot de China și operațională din 1999.	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years.	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
4.4	atacurile cibernetice sunt considerate o amenințare tot mai mare pentru rețelele de calculatoare militare și civile.	NATO consideră atacurile cibernetice o amenințare tot mai mare pentru rețelele de calculatoare militare și civile.	cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
1.2	dacă India dă vina pe militanții străini, aceasta face parte din propaganda sa de a induce în eroare comunitatea internațională.	abe a cerut o politică externă mai hotărâtă pentru Japonia și comunitatea internațională.	if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community.	abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
4.8	Academia Naif Arabă pentru Științe de Securitate din Riad a spus într-o declarație că organizează un atelier de două săptămâni pentru 50 de experți antiterorism.	într-o declarație a anunțat Academia Naif Arabă pentru Științe de Securitate - va sponsoriza un atelier de 2 săptămâni pentru 50 de experți antiterorism.	the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
3.8	88 la sută din partidul democratic liberal susține sancțiunile economice.	80 la sută din partidul democratic de opoziție susține sancțiunile economice.	88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions.	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
1.2	sharia este lege islamică.	Iranul este o republică islamică.	sharia is islamic law.	iran is an islamic republic .
3.0	un număr de militanți islamici suspectați de presupuse legături cu Al-Qaida au fost arestați în Malaezia și Singapore, și oficialii au declarat că rețeaua militanților se extinde în Indonezia.	militanți islamici suspectați, cu presupuse legături cu Al-Qaida au fost arestați în Malaezia și Singapore.	a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia.	suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
4.6	în septembrie 2007, Iordania a semnat un acord cu Statele Unite pentru a sprijini dezvoltarea pașnică a noului program nuclear al Iordaniei.	în septembrie 2007, Statele Unite au semnat un acord cu Iordania pentru a sprijini dezvoltarea pașnică a noului program nuclear al Iordaniei.	in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program.	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
3.2	conform declarației, RS-24 întărește potențialul militar al forțelor strategice pentru a depăși sistemele de apărare antirachetă.	conform declarației, prototipul rachetei RS-24 este diferit de topol-m prin faptul că este echipat cu mai multe focoase care pot fi direcționate independent pentru a copleși sistemele de apărare.	according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems.	according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
0.2	naeem m. a fost spânzurat în zabol, provincia sistan-baluchestan.	zahedan este capitala provinciei sistan-baluchestan.	naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province.	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
4.8	Iranul se află pe o cale majoră de droguri între afganistan și Europa și statele golfului persan.	Iranul se află pe un traseu important de trafic de droguri între Afganistan și Europa, precum și statele golfului persan.	iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
0.0	va fi găzduit de guvernul australian.	planurile Statelor Unite au supărat guvernul rus.	it will be hosted by the australian government.	the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
3.6	cei 5 membri permanenți ai consiliului de securitate al Națiunilor Unite sunt Marea Britanie, China, Franța, Rusia și Statele Unite.	Membrii p5 + 1 sunt Marea Britanie, China, Franța, Rusia, Germania și Statele Unite.	the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states.	p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.
4.2	în iulie 2006, prim-ministrul iordanian maaruf bakhit a declarat că - ragdad hussein și familia trăiau sub protecția regelui abdullah II.	Primul ministru iordanian, Maaruf Bakhit, a declarat în iulie 2006 că Raghdad Hussein și familia ei locuiau sub protecția regelui Abdullah II după ce Irakul a emis	in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii.	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
2.6	un purtător de cuvânt al Siemens din Germania a declarat agenției france-presse că Siemens este încrezător în rezultatul discuțiilor de vânzare a instalației de procesare a plutoniului.	un purtător de cuvânt al Siemens din Germania s-a abținut să comenteze aspectul politic al vânzării instalației de procesare a plutoniului.	a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility.	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
3.8	atacul cibernetic a avut loc după ce întâlnirea președintelui francez sarkozy cu dalai lama a supărat guvernul chinez.	atacul cibernetic a avut loc după întâlnirea președintelui francez Nicolas Sarkozy cu liderul spiritual tibetan exilat, dalai lama.	the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government.	the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.
3.8	guvernul sud-african a impus o interdicție care interzice recrutarea de persoane în interiorul sau în afara Africii de Sud pentru asistență mercenară sau militară străină.	ministerul de externe al Africii de Sud a declarat că legea de asistență militară externă a Africii de Sud interzice recrutarea de persoane în interiorul sau în afara Africii de Sud pentru asistență mercenară sau militară externă.	the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.	south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
1.6	Ucraina are aproape toate aprobările necesare pentru a se alătura programului agenției spațiale europene.	Franța este un lider în agenția spațială europeană.	ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program.	france is a leader in the european space agency.
3.2	guvernul nord-coreean a avertizat guvernul sud-coreean împotriva participării la programul de inițiativă de securitate a proliferării.	guvernul nord-coreean a declarat că dacă guvernul sud-coreean participă la programul de inițiativă de securitate a proliferării, acesta va avea consecințe catastrofale nespecificate.	the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program.	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
3.2	Consiliul pentru agricultură din China deschide un birou special responsabil cu transferurile de tehnologie agricolă și managementul drepturilor de proprietate intelectuală și consultanță pentru a spori dezvoltarea agriculturii bazate pe cunoștințe a Chinei și a aplicațiilor tehnologiei agricole.	Lee a declarat că CoA a petrecut ultimii ani stabilind mecanisme relevante și elaborând un set de măsuri promoționale pentru a spori dezvoltarea agriculturii bazate pe cunoștințe a Chinei și a aplicațiilor tehnologiei agricole.	china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
3.0	președintele parlamentar iranian gholam-ali haddad-adel a vizitat Cuba.	acordurile au fost semnate în timpul vizitei în Cuba a purtătorului de cuvânt iranian de majlis (parlament), gholam-ali haddad-adel.	iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba.	the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
2.6	tibetul suspectează guvernul chinez că a creat virusul pentru a spiona exilații tibetani și dalai lama.	tibetul suspectează guvernul chinez că a lansat atacul.	tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama.	tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
1.0	autoritățile chineze nu au fost disponibile imediat pentru comentarii.	Godzhayev și avocații lui Godzhayev nu au fost disponibili imediat pentru a comenta.	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.	godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
0.4	Uniunea Europeană și Statele Unite au înghețat activele lui Al-Qadi.	guvernele occidentale includ Statele Unite și Franța.	the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets.	the western governments include the united states and france.
1.0	guvernul chinez a întărit capacitatea de anti-proliferare a Chinei în ultimii ani.	guvernul chinez a cenzurat strict importurile și exporturile de produse chimice din China în conformitate cu legea în ultimii ani.	the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years.	the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
4.2	un grup reprezentând în principal sud-africani albi, numit afriforum, a declarat că va organiza proteste de-a lungul rutei către Zimbabwe.	afriforum a declarat că grupul va organiza proteste de-a lungul rutei către Zimbabwe.	a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
3.6	putin a anunțat că tratatul CFE nu protejează în mod corespunzător interesele de securitate ale Rusiei.	tratatul cfe nu protejează în mod corespunzător interesele de securitate ale federației ruse.	putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests.	the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
3.4	ahmad luptă împotriva extrădării în Statele Unite și a depus o plângere oficială în care susține că poliția britanică a inventat rapoarte de informații pentru a-l implica pe Ahmad în activități teroriste și a profanat Coranul.	ahmad a depus o plângere oficială la comisia de plângeri a poliției independente, susținând că poliția britanică a inventat rapoarte de informații pentru a-l implica pe Ahmad în activități teroriste și a profanat copia lui Ahmad a cărții sfinte islamice a Coranului, punând coranul pe podea în timpul unei percheziții în casa lui Ahmad.	ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran.	ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
3.6	Rusia a ratificat versiunea modificată, dar Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să facă acest lucru până când guvernul rus retrage trupele din fostele republici sovietice ale Moldovei și Georgiei.	Statele Unite și alți membri ai NATO au refuzat să ratifice versiunea modificată până când Rusia retrage trupele din fostele republici sovietice moldova și georgia.	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
0.8	partea planului Statelor Unite este de a crește presiunea asupra Coreei de Nord.	Statele Unite și aliații statelor Unite consideră că Iranul urmărește arme nucleare.	the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea.	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
0.4	Tshinvali este capitala Georgiei.	Paris este capitala Frantei.	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.	paris is the capital of france.
1.4	un oficial guvernamental indian a declarat că India nu acordă prea multă credință rapoartelor amnistiei internaționale.	un oficial guvernamental indian care a studiat planurile a declarat că știința era veche și datată, dar încă funcțională.	an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international.	one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
2.4	cabinetul chinez, consiliul de stat a anunțat că va modifica reglementările privind tehnologia nucleară „cu dublă utilizare” pentru a preveni terorismul nuclear.	modificarea reglementărilor privind tehnologia nucleară cu dublă utilizare va preveni terorismul nuclear.	"china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on ""dual-use"" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism."	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
1.2	Primul ministru japonez Junichiro Koizumi a spus că schimbarea lansetelor a fost proactivă.	în 2002, premierul japonez Junichiro Koizumi a participat la un summit în Coreea de Nord cu liderul nord-coreean Kim Jong Il.	japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive.	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.
3.2	partidul comunist japonez de opoziție era împotriva noii legi și se temea că va duce la o armată mai puternică.	partidul comunist japonez de opoziție a fost împotriva proiectului de lege care propune noua lege.	the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military.	the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
3.6	unii oficiali din asean au declarat că o astfel de standardizare ar fi dificilă din cauza sistemelor politice ale diferitelor țări.	unii oficiali au declarat că sarcina ar fi dificilă pentru membrii din asean din cauza sistemelor juridice și politice variate.	some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems.	some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
4.0	Irakul a făcut presiuni pentru ca consiliul de securitate să nu mai folosească veniturile petroliere din țară pentru a plăti despăgubiri victimelor războiului din Golful din 1991 și a salariilor inspectorilor comisiei de monitorizare, verificare și inspecție a națiunilor unite și pentru ca toți banii care au rămas în contul de petrol pentru alimente a națiunii unite să fie transferați la fondul de dezvoltare al guvernului.	noii lideri irakieni au făcut presiuni pentru ca consiliul de securitate al națiunilor unite să nu mai folosească veniturile din petrolul irakian pentru a plăti salariile inspectorilor și pentru ca toți banii rămași în contul petrolului pentru alimente al națiunii unite să fie transferați către guvernul irakian.	iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund.	iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
2.2	tratatul cheie european de control al armelor trebuie menținut	tratatul cfe este un tratat cheie european de control al armelor.	a key european arms control treaty must be maintained.	the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
2.6	regiunea triunghiului auriu a fost unul dintre cei mai mari producători de opiu din lume.	provincia helmand este cel mai mare producător de opiu din lume.	the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium.	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
2.2	Statele Unite au respins acțiunea ca șantaj nuclear.	Statele Unite au declarat că vor rezista șantajului nuclear și au exclus negocierile.	the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail.	the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
2.8	întâlnirea a durat 3 zile.	întâlnirile au durat 2 zile.	the meeting was 3 days long.	the meetings lasted 2 days.
3.6	miniștrii din China, Laos, India, Myanmar și Thailanda vor aborda, de asemenea, inițiativele de substituire a culturilor pentru minoritățile etnice sărace care încă se bazează pe cultivarea opiului.	miniștrii din China, Laos, India, Myanmar și Thailanda vor discuta despre cum să găsească piețe pentru bunurile produse în locul substituirii culturilor și alte programe conexe, cum ar fi eco-turismul și fabricarea de artizanat.	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation.	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
3.0	China este o energie nucleară și membru al Consiliul de Securitate ONU	China este membru permanent al securității ONU	china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council.	china is a permanent member of the un security
2.0	oficialii nord-coreeni sunt bănuiți pentru construirea armelor nucleare.	Coreea de Nord se află în prezent în procesul de demontare a programului său de arme nucleare.	north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons.	north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
3.4	Reporterul australian Peter Lloyd se confruntă cu 3 noi acuzații de droguri în Singapore.	conform documentelor instanței - pe 25 iulie reporterul australian de televiziune Peter Lloyd s-a confruntat cu 3 noi acuzații de droguri în Singapore.	australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore.	according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
3.0	președintele Vladimir Putin a semnat un decret prin care suspendă participarea Rusiei la tratatul privind forțele convenționale din Europa.	președintele rus Vladimir Putin a semnat un decret prin care suspendă participarea Rusiei la tratatul forțelor convenționale din Europa din cauza circumstanțelor care afectează securitatea federației ruse și necesită măsuri imediate.	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.	russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
2.6	condițiile de extrădare stipulează că tunisianul poate fi urmărit penal doar pentru acuzația unică de falsificare a documentelor pe care autoritățile italiene le pot oferi suficiente dovezi pentru urmărirea penală.	Purtătorul de cuvânt al ministerului elvețian al justiției, folco galli, a declarat că condițiile de extrădare prevăd că mejri poate fi urmărit penal doar pentru o singură acuzație de falsificare a documentelor, pentru care autoritățile italiene ar putea furniza suficiente dovezi pentru urmărirea penală.	the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
3.0	Se crede că atacurile provin de la adresele IP ale administrației rusești ca răspuns la mutarea unei statui sovietice în estonia.	atacurile au avut loc după o dispută între guvernele din Rusia și Estonia cu privire la mutarea unui memorial de război sovietic.	the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia.	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
2.0	India și Pakistanul rămân în afara tratatului.	Israelul rămâne în afara tratatului.	india and pakistan remain outside the treaty.	israel remains outside the treaty.
0.0	China este membru al clubului de rachete balistice.	Rusia este membru al cvartetului din Orientul Mijlociu.	china is a member of the ballistic missile club.	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
4.4	Rusia se poate retrage din tratat dacă SUA și alți aliați ai NATO refuză să ratifice versiunea modificată.	a avertizat că Rusia se va retrage din tratat dacă națiunile occidentale refuză să ratifice versiunea sa modificată.	russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version.	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
0.4	acest lucru este valabil mai ales în țările cele mai sărace.	acest lucru a fost în special după ce Etiopia și-a retras forțele.	this is particularly true in the poorest countries.	this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.
3.6	Iranul a crescut considerabil numărul de execuții în ultimele luni, în timp ce oficialii aplică o campanie menită să promoveze virtutea și să sporească securitatea în	oficialii iranieni au crescut execuțiile în 2007, deoarece oficialii aplică o campanie presupusă pentru a promova virtutea și a spori securitatea în societate.	iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
0.6	într-o declarație emisă de agenția oficială de știri spa se spunea că al-dosari a fost condamnat pentru trafic de droguri.	violatorul a fost identificat ca hossein safarlou și a fost de asemenea condamnat pentru trafic de droguri.	a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking.	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
1.8	atât Tadjikistanul, cât și Uzbekistanul împărtășesc graniță cu Afganistanul și au experimentat raiduri ale militanților islamici susținuți de talibani în ultimii ani.	vecinul Kârgâzstan a suferit, de asemenea, raiduri ale militanților islamici susținuți de talibani în ultimii ani.	both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.	neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
1.8	Rusia a declarat că sistemul reprezintă o amenințare clară pentru securitatea rusă.	este o amenințare gravă la adresa securității internaționale.	russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security.	it is a serious threat to international security.
3.0	banda s-a angajat în activități ilegale, inclusiv huliganism, șantaj, contrabandă cu arme, contrabandă cu țigări și spălare de bani și ar fi folosit încasări pentru finanțarea grupurilor teroriste din Cecenia.	dansii au declarat că banda s-a angajat în activități ilegale, inclusiv huliganism, șantaj, contrabandă cu arme, contrabandă cu țigări și spălare de bani.	the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya.	the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.
3.4	la centrul științific de stat al microbiologiei aplicate există tot felul de bacterii mortale care au fost studiate pentru a fi utilizate în programul secret al armelor biologice al uniunii sovietice.	centrul științific de stat al microbiologiei aplicate a lucrat cu oamenii de știință occidentali pentru a transforma complexul într-un sit de fabricare biomedicală.	at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union.	the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
1.2	agenția internațională pentru energie atomică nu are acces la oameni, documente, situri.	agenția internațională de energie atomică are sediul în	the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites.	the international atomic energy agency is based in
0.0	cartea afirmă că medicamentul transmite o imagine complet pozitivă.	oficialul a declarat că acesta a fost un transfer complet de tehnologie.	the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image.	the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
1.4	40 de deținuți execută pedepse pentru crimă.	105 deținuți execută pedepse pentru trafic de droguri.	40 inmates are serving sentences for murder.	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
2.0	Rusia își îndeplinește obligațiile și scade forțele.	suspendarea obligațiilor de către Rusia în temeiul tratatului CFE este temporară.	russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces.	russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
3.6	directorul executiv al asociației de control al armelor din Washington, Daryl Kimball, a declarat că - raportul iaea este 1 dintr-o serie de semne proaste.	directorul executiv al asociației de control al armelor din Washington, Daryl Kimball, a declarat că documentul israelian ar putea afecta dezbaterea asupra Indiei.	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs.	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
4.0	CFE este una dintre problemele care au un impact negativ asupra relațiilor Rusiei cu Statele Unite și Europa.	tratatul este una dintre numeroasele probleme care cauzează relații tensionate între guvernele din Rusia și SUA. și Europa.	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
3.2	laboratorul korobeynichev a lucrat cu laboratorul național Lawrence Livermore al Statelor Unite.	laboratorul korobeynichev a lucrat cu alte institute științifice.	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory.	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
1.8	lugar și nunn sunt senatori.	lugar și nunn au acordat premierului o medalie.	lugar and nunn are senators.	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
4.0	oficialii declară că decizia cu privire la tratat va depinde de acțiunea Statelor Unite asupra planurilor sale de desfășurare a sistemelor de apărare antirachetă în Polonia și Republica Cehă.	Oficialii militari ruși au declarat că decizia va depinde de faptul dacă Statele Unite continuă cu planul său de desfășurare a componentelor de apărare antirachetă în Polonia și Republica Cehă.	officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic.	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
3.0	semnarea acordului este o problemă periferică a reuniunii șefilor de personal al apărării din cele 26 de țări aliate ale NATO.	acordul a fost semnat în timpul unei ședințe regulate a șefilor de personal al apărării din cei 26 de aliați ai NATO.	signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato.	the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
3.6	la începutul lunii mai 2002, oficiali din Filipine, Malaezia și Indonezia au semnat un acord antiterorist pentru a împărtăși listele de pasageri ai companiilor aeriene și alte informații.	la începutul lunii mai 2002, Filipine, Malaezia și Indonezia au semnat un acord pentru partajarea informațiilor despre terorism.	in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence.	in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.
3.2	după prima întâlnire dintre liderii uniunii europene și liderii din albania, bosnia și herțegovina, croatia, macedonia și serbia și muntenegru, liderii din țările balcanice occidentale se angajează să diminueze criminalitatea organizată și corupția din Balcani pentru a îndeplini cerințele de aderare la uniunea europeană .	lideri din albania, bosnia și herțegovina, croația, macedonia și serbia și muntenegru s-au întâlnit pentru prima dată cu liderii uniunii europene urmărind aderarea la uniunea europeană.	after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership.	leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.
3.6	rezoluția impune tuturor celor 192 de state membre ale națiunilor unite să adopte legi pentru a împiedica teroriștii, comercianții negri și alți actori nestatali să fabrice, să achiziționeze sau să traficeze cu arme nucleare, biologice sau chimice sau cu materialele cu care le fabrică.	rezoluția 1540 impune tuturor țărilor să adopte legi pentru a împiedica actorii nestatali să fabrice, să achiziționeze sau să traficeze arme nucleare, biologice sau chimice, materialele cu care le fabrică și rachetele și alte sisteme care să le livreze.	the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them.	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
2.0	Asociația internațională de energie atomică a declarat că Iordania a fost de acord cu măsurile suplimentare.	asociația internațională de energie atomică este câinele de pază al națiunilor unite.	the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures.	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
0.4	există multă îngrijorare cu privire la droguri.	este mult de lucru.	there is much concern over the drug.	there is much work to be done.
3.0	raportul amnistiei internaționale a sugerat că Belgia începe discuții imediate cu India pentru a preveni vânzările viitoare de alh, componente sau tehnologie militară către Myanmar.	raportul a îndemnat Belgia să înceapă discuții imediate cu India pentru a preveni vânzarea viitoare de arme către Myanmar.	the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar.	the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
3.0	infracțiunile capitale în Iran includ crimă, viol, jaf armat, apostazie, blasfemie, trafic serios de droguri, sodomie repetată, adulter, prostituție, trădare și spionaj.	infracțiunile capitale în Iran includ crimă, viol, jaf armat, trafic serios de droguri și adulter.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
3.4	Arabia Saudită este o monarhie absolută care a făcut pași spre reformă.	Arabia Saudită este o monarhie absolută și are un consiliu consultativ numit de guvern.	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform.	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
3.0	purtătorul de cuvânt a spus că va avea loc un schimb de opinii cu privire la chestiuni de actualitate internaționale și regionale, bazat pe o relație de lucru comună în centrul ONU. Kamynin a spus că Rusia recunoaște participarea Libiei la lucrările al Consiliul de Securitate ONU.	Kamynin a spus că va avea loc un schimb de opinii cu privire la chestiuni de actualitate internaționale și regionale, bazat pe o relație de lucru comună în centrul ONU.	the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council.	kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
2.6	vizita lui shalgam la Londra este prima de către un ministru libian de externe din 1969.	a fost anunțată o vizită în Libia a ministrului rus de externe.	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
1.8	guvernele indian și pakistanez aproape s-au angajat într-un al patrulea conflict în 1999.	Guvernele indian și pakistanez au efectuat teste nucleare în mai 1998.	indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999.	indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
3.8	Iguaran a declarat că deținuții vor fi acuzați de omucidere, colaborare criminală, răpiri și finanțarea terorismului.	Iguaran a declarat că deținuții au fost implicați și în asasinarea unor membri ai poliției dintr-un grup anti-răpire.	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.	iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
2.4	3 suspecți extremiști au fost eliberați pe cauțiune.	1 extremist suspectat a fost eliberat provizoriu fără cauțiune.	3 suspected extremists were released on bail.	1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.
0.8	6 angajați din spitalul ceh sunt acuzați de trafic de organe umane.	acuzatul va fi acuzat de trafic internațional de droguri.	6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking.	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
2.0	acest lucru a agravat și mai mult situația.	Coreea de Nord nu ar trebui să acționeze în continuare pentru a agrava situația.	this further aggravated the situation.	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
2.6	Stăpân al drogurilor capturat de marini în Mexic	Suspect de stăpân al drogurilor cunoscut sub numele de „El Taliban” deținut în Mexic	Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico
4.4	SC respinge pledoaria de revizuire a guvernului în cazul fiscal Vodafone	SC respinge petiția de revizuire a guvernului privind verdictul fiscal Vodafone	SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case	SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
2.6	Explozia lovește conducta de petrol din Siria Homs	Explozia lovește conducta în timp ce Assad atacă orașele	Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
3.8	Soldatul NATO ucis în atacul afgan	Soldat NATO ucis în S. Afganistan	NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
4.2	Castro sărbătorește 86 de ani luni	Fidel Castro sărbătorește 86 de ani	Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
3.0	Fostul spion israelian avertizează împotriva războiului „mesianic” din Iran	Fost șef israelian de spionaj: nicio încredere în conducerea asupra Iranului - video	Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war	Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video
3.8	Deschiderea ochilor: Curtea Supremă se pronunță asupra legii imigrației din Arizona	Curtea Supremă a SUA emite o hotărâre divizată privind legea imigrației din Arizona	Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
3.2	NATO urmărește drumul din Afganistan	Liderii NATO se angajează în tranziția din Afganistan	NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
4.0	Siria spune că un atentator sinucigaș ucide 10 în Damasc	„Bombardamentul sinucigaș” din Damasc ucide 10 persoane	Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
0.8	Sachin Tendulkar spune că nu sunt Dumnezeu, sunt Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar marchează primul secol al 100-lea al cricketului	Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
2.4	Premierul australian Gillard urmează să câștige provocarea de lider	Premierul australian a sfidat sub presiunea asupra conducerii	Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
2.4	Obama susține Filipine peste Marea Chinei de Sud	Obama spune că sunt necesare reguli clare pentru a calma Marea Chinei de Sud	Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
3.2	Un adolescent din China ucide 8, rănește 5 în atacul cu cuțitul	Adolescentul ucide 8 în atac cu cuțitul	Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
3.8	Rebelii sirieni mută comanda din Turcia în Siria	Armata Siriană Liberă mută sediul din Turcia în Siria	Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
0.4	Vorbitor Knesset: realegerea lui Obama este rea pentru Israel	7 state dau în judecată regulile de control al nașterilor din partea administrației Obama	Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
2.8	Schimbul de obligațiuni din Grecia este cea mai mare restructurare a datoriilor din istorie	Grecia asigură cel mai mare acord de datorii din istorie	Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
1.0	"Putin ""câștigă alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia"""	Sondajele deschise la alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Polls open in Russian presidential election
0.2	Ministrul indian de finanțe renunță să candideze pentru președinție	Julian Assange intenționează să candideze pentru Senatul australian	Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
3.8	Jerry Sandusky a fost găsit vinovat în procesul de abuz sexual asupra copiilor	Sandusky a fost găsit vinovat în procesul de abuz sexual asupra copiilor	Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
2.4	Trei tibetani se autoimolează în vestul Chinei: raport	7 tibetani se autoimolează în China	Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
3.6	Casa Albă în controlul daunelor asupra observațiilor Curții Supreme Obama	Verificarea faptelor: observațiile Curții Supreme a lui Obama	White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
2.0	Annan avertizează discuțiile despre riscurile Siriei	Putin, Annan se întâlnesc cu privire la criza Siriei	Annan warns talks of Syria risks	Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
1.4	Cvartetul solicită israelienilor și palestinienilor să pună capăt iritanților	Ocupația de a confisca 30 de dunumuri de pământ palestinian în Deir Estia	Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
4.8	Sauditele vor permite femeilor să concureze la olimpiade	Femeilor saudite li se permite să concureze la Jocurile Olimpice	Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
2.2	O mulțime de oameni din cadrul Univeristății Nigeria au fost atacați de oameni înarmați	Nigeria: Universitatea bombardată în nord	Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North
3.2	Cabinetul Chinei promite să stimuleze economia	China Wen promite crearea de locuri de muncă	China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	China's Wen promises job creation
1.0	Furtuna tropicală Isaac crește cererile de șomaj	Furtuna tropicală Joyce se formează, rămâne în Atlantic deschis	Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
3.2	Freddie Starr a fost arestat în ancheta Savile pentru abuz	Al treilea bărbat arestat în ancheta Savile pentru abuzuri sexuale	Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
5.0	Romney îl anunță pe Paul Ryan ca coleg de candidat	Romney îl numește pe Ryan ca coleg de candidat	Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney names Ryan as running mate
3.6	Acțiunile cresc devreme după acordul grecesc, apoi se aplatizează	Acțiunile cresc mai mult după acordul datoriei grecești	Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
4.0	Atentatul sinucigaș stăpânește tabăra militară de elită a Yemenului	Atacatorii sinucigași atacă posturile militare din Yemen	Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp	Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
2.2	NATO: 2 soldați internaționali uciși în Afganistan	Trei soldați NATO uciși într-o singură zi în Afganistan	NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
1.8	Protestatarii de la Moscova cer demisia lui Vladimir Putin	Protestul Moscovei împotriva lui Vladimir Putin mai mic și mai liniștit	Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
1.0	Participarea la alegerile din Franța este mai mare decât se aștepta	Alegerile prezidențiale franceze: primul tur - actualizări live	French election turnout higher than expected	French presidential election: first round - live updates
4.4	Australia va înființa cea mai mare rezervație marină din lume	Australia creează cele mai mari rezerve marine din lume	Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
1.6	Doi soldați americani au fost împușcați, uciși de soldatul afgan	Doi soldați britanici uciși de un polițist afgan	Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
1.4	Soldații italieni mor în Afganistan	Doi soldați britanici uciși în Afganistan	Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
4.0	Abbas va conduce guvernul de unitate palestinian	Abbas propus ca prim-ministru în guvernul de unitate interimar	Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
2.8	Biserica coptă din Egipt numește noul Papă	Biserica coptă din Egipt se pregătește să-l aleagă pe papa	Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope	Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
3.6	Malawi confirmă oficial moartea președintelui	Malawi confirmă moartea președintelui Mutharika	Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
3.8	Rebelii tuareg din Mali declară independența	Rebelii din Mali declară „Azawad” independent	Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
1.4	Lance Armstrong a pierdut titlurile din Turul Franței	Lance Armstrong planifică strategia după pierderea titlurilor	Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
1.0	Egiptul votează în ultima zi a alegerilor prezidențiale	Sondajele deschise în Franța pentru alegerile prezidențiale	Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	Polls open in France for presidential election
0.6	Madeleine McCann este încă în viață?	Redeschideți cazul Madeleine, îndeamnă poliția	Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
1.4	Surferii australieni găsesc solicitanți de azil afectați	Mayday: temeri pentru solicitanții de azil	Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
3.0	ISAF: 4 soldați ai coaliției au fost uciși într-un atac care implică poliție afgană	NATO spune că patru soldați uciși în atacul „din interior” din sudul afganului	ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	"NATO says four troops killed in ""insider"" attack in Afghan south"
3.2	Votul unanim al Consiliului de Securitate al ONU asupra Siriei	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU va vota pe până la 300 de monitori sirieni	UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
5.0	Un om înarmat a ucis 6 persoane în împușcături în templul sikh din Wisconsin	Un om înarmat a ucis șase în împușcături la templul sikh din Wisconsin	Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
0.6	Audi va cumpăra producătorul de motociclete Ducati	Sondaj pe piața asigurărilor auto	Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market
4.2	Agenția de știri din China: încă mai sperăm pacea Siriei	Agenția de stat de știri din China: Există încă speranță pentru pacea Siriei	China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace	China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
0.4	22 de morți în atacul sinucigaș în academia de poliție din Yemen	Forțele UA intensifică atacul asupra rebelilor somali	22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy	AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
1.2	Coreea de Sud comandă oprirea imediată a 2 reactoare nucleare	Coreea de Sud va stimula energia nucleară?	South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	South Korea to boost nuclear power?
1.6	SUA, aliați pentru a stabili cereri pentru negocierile nucleare din Iran	„Iranul nu va accepta condițiile prealabile pentru negocierile nucleare”	US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
4.8	AOL spune să vândă 800 de brevete către Microsoft pentru 1,0 miliarde de dolari	AOL va vinde 800 de brevete către Microsoft pentru 1 miliard de dolari	AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn	AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
1.2	Mii de soldați mărșăluiesc pentru Jubileu	Mii de oameni merg la Amsterdam pentru Ziua Reginei	Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
0.8	Orientul Mijlociu: Israel: Liderul Hamas condamnat	Orientul Mijlociu: Irak: 17 prizonieri evadează în Kirkuk	Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted	Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
4.2	Navy Jet se prăbușește în clădire de apartamente	US Navy Jet se prăbușește în bloc de apartamente	Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
0.6	Femeia moare după refuzul avortului	Femeia moare după ce stânca se prăbușește în Dorset	Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
2.2	SUA și Turcia cântăresc zone fără zbor pentru Siria	SUA și Turcia strâng coordonarea în Siria	U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
3.6	Numărul morților crește la 236 după exploziile din Brazzaville	Rep. Congo: 236 morți după explozii din depozitul de arme	Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
1.0	Voi avea un alt cal bătrân în herghelie	Voi avea un altul să câștige Preakness	I'll Have Another retired to stud	I'll Have Another wins Preakness
0.6	Oferta de salvare a jurnaliștilor sirieni eșuează	Jurnaliștii au făcut contrabandă din Homs	Syria journalists rescue bid fails	Journalists smuggled out of Homs
1.8	O nouă reclamație sexuală ajunge la Serviciul Secret	Noi reguli pentru serviciul secret al SUA	New sex claim hits Secret Service	New rules for US Secret Service
0.0	Rimsha încă eliberat pe cauțiune	Mandela a fost eliberat din spital	Rimsha Masih released on bail	Mandela released from hospital
0.0	1 persoană ucisă în ciocniri sectare în Liban	180 de morți în cutremurul din Iran	1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake
0.0	Câștigurile din stocurile financiare cresc acțiunile europene	Creștinii britanici duc plângeri la instanța europeană	Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	British Christians take complaints to European court
1.6	Turcia trage o alarmă asupra refugiaților sirieni	Turcia încearcă să mute unii refugiați sirieni	Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
1.6	Suspectat finanțator al-Qaeda arestat în Franța	Trei suspecți al Qaeda arestați în Spania	Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
1.6	Fără daune, tsunami-ul după cutremurul 6.6 a lovit Sumatra din Indonezia	5.9 cutremur a lovit Sumatra Indoneziei: USGS	No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
2.2	Atacurile aeriene israeliene ucid 16 persoane în Gaza	Atacurile aeriene din Israel ucid 4 în Gaza; numărul morților acum la 38	Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
1.4	18 morți, 108 răniți în valul de bombardamente din Irak	9 morți, 31 răniți cu bombe în autoturisme în Kirkuk din Irak	18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk
2.0	Prizonierul palestinian pune capăt grevei de foame după acord	Israelul va elibera grevistul de foame	Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
3.4	Hezbollah confirmă că a trimis dronă căzută peste Israel	Hezbollah spune că a trimis drone peste Israel	Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel	Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
3.2	Luptătorii rebeli „capturează” soldații sirieni	Armata siriană liberă îi capturează pe ofițeri sirieni	Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
2.4	Suspectul de împușcare din Colorado se afla în grija psihiatrului	Doctorul care îl trata pe suspectul împușcării Aurorei a fost mustrat medical	Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
4.8	6.6 cutremur stânjenește Papua din Indonezia: USGS	6.6 cutremur stânjenește Papua din Indonezia: Studiul Geologic SUA	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
0.4	La ce oră este Andy Murray și Roger Federer în finala masculină de la Wimbledon? Tot ce trebuie să știți despre marele joc	La ce oră este ceremonia de deschidere paralimpică? Tot ce trebuie să știți despre ridicatorul de perdele mare	What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
3.6	Școala din New Jersey interzice îmbrățișarea	Școala americană interzice îmbrățișarea	New Jersey School Bans Hugging	US school bans hugging
4.6	Iran (Republica Islamică a): Iranul intensifică eforturile de ajutorare după ce cutremurele au ucis 227	Iranul intensifică eforturile de ajutorare după ce cutremurele au ucis 227	Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
2.4	Avertisment de tsunami emis pentru sudul Alaska	Avertisment de tsunami după cutremurul din Canada	Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	Tsunami warning after Canada quake
0.8	„Fără dovezi” în cazul masacrului din Afganistan	Taxa americană în Afganistan atinge 2.000	'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case	US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
3.8	Marea companie Apple este nevoită să plătească dividende, să răscumpere acțiuni	Apple trebuie să plătească dividendul de 2,65 USD / acțiune și să cumpere înapoi acțiuni de 10 miliarde USD	Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
4.6	Doi raportați morți în împușcături la Empire State Building din NY	2 morți în împușcături în fața Empire State Building	Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
1.0	Șomajul australian până la 5,1%	Rata șomajului în Franța crește la 10%	Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
0.4	Acțiunile cresc mai sus pe Wall Street	Sandy se întărește pe măsură ce se apropie de coastă; Wall Street închis	Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
2.6	Venitul Halliburton 1T crește cu 23%	Profiturile Halliburton T1 cresc în urma vânzărilor puternice din America de Nord	Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
0.8	4 oameni uciși în bombardamentele de altar în nord-vestul Pakistanului	12 morți în atacurile Statelor Unite cu drone în nord-vestul Pakistanului	4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
1.6	Acțiunile din China se închid vineri mixte	Acțiunile din China se deschid vineri mai jos	China stocks close mixed Friday	China stocks open lower Friday
0.8	India interzice textele în vrac după revolte	Tunisia ridică starea de asediu după revolte	India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
2.4	ONU monitorizează încă site-ul „masacrului” sirian - video	Monitori ai ONU au fost împușcați în drum spre locul masacrului sirian	UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
3.6	Soldatul din Yorkshire ucis în explozia bombei afgane	Soldatul ucis în explozia din Afganistan	Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
3.75	Islamiștii radicali din Mali înrolează noi miliții	Miliția locală consolidează militanții islamiști din Mali	Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
4.2	Ceremonia de deschidere a olimpiadelor un success în jurul globului	Ceremonia de deschidere oferă Jocurilor Olimpice un început drăguț	Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
4.8	Om ucis în raidul terorist francez	Omul moare în „operațiunea antiteroră” franceză	Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
5.0	Capello renunță ca manager al Angliei	Capello demisionează din funcția de manager al Angliei	Capello quits as England manager	Capello resigns as England manager
3.2	Un mort în împușcăturile școlii din Ohio	1 mort, 4 răniți în împușcăturile școlii din Ohio	One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
2.4	2 palestinieni uciși în atacurile aeriene israeliene	Patru palestinieni uciși în atacul IAF	2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
3.2	Pakistanul condamnă atacurile Statelor Unite cu drone	Convoaiele din Pakistan se îndreaptă să proteste împotriva atacurilor cu drone americane	Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
4.0	Uraganul masiv Sandy coboară pe coasta de est a SUA	Uraganul Sandy câștigă viteză și bate coasta de est a SUA	Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
3.6	Sarkozy va depune o plângere în cererea de finanțare Gadhafi	Sarkozy va da în judecată după ce revendicarea în numerar a lui Gaddafi a intrat în campanie	Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
2.0	Din nota citirea obligatorie pentru miercuri, 4 iulie 2012	Din nota citirea obligatorie pentru miercuri, 30 mai 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
4.4	„Iranul va ataca Tel Avivul dacă Israelul lovește”	Cleric senior: Iranul va ataca Tel Aviv dacă Israelul lovește	'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
0.0	Gusmao își consolidează puterea în alegerile din Timorul de Est	Posibilitățile Curții Supreme dacă Romney câștigă alegerile	Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
0.6	Pena Nieto câștigă votul prezidențial din Mexic: ieșiți din sondaje	Sondaj: Putin va câștiga votul prezidențial al Rusiei	Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
3.4	Siria spune Rusiei că unele trupe s-au retras din Homs	Siria spune că trupele au început retragerea - video	Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs	Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
2.6	Accident avion Nigeria: Nu există supraviețuitori	4 chinezi printre victimele accidentului de avion din Nigeria	Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
2.8	Explozia la rafinăria din Venezuela ucide cel puțin 39	Venezuela jelește morții exploziei rafinăriei de petrol	Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
3.6	Cutremur puternic a lovit Mexicul	Cutremur puternic a lovit lângă Acapulco	Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
3.8	Rusia și China vetoează rezoluția ONU cu privire la uciderile din Siria	Rusia și China în dublu veto la rezoluția ONU pentru Siria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
2.6	Avionul pakistanez se prăbușește cu 127 la bord	Avionul pakistanez se prăbușește cu 130 de persoane la bord	Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
4.4	Consiliul de securitate al ONU dispune sancțiuni globale împotriva rețelei Haqqani din Afganistan	ONU dispune sancțiuni globale împotriva rețelei Haqqani	UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
0.0	Erdogan și Putin au vorbit cu voce ridicată	Militanții străini uciși în Somalia în lovitură cu mașina	Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
4.0	Arabia Saudită arestează militanți suspectați cu legături cu Al-Qaeda	Arabia Saudită arestează militanți suspectați, relatează presa de stat	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports
4.8	Uraganul Sandy se închide pe coasta de est a SUA	Uraganul Sandy vizează coasta de est a SUA	Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
2.2	Greva profesorilor din Chicago: Vacanțe pentru studenți, pentru bine sau pentru rău	Greva profesorilor din Chicago ridică anumite probleme pentru sindicate	Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
1.6	Panetta spune că rolul Afganistanului va trece de la luptă în 2013	Panetta: Afganistanul susține subiectele Conferinței NATO	Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
4.0	Patru bărbați admit complotul cu bombă de la Bursa din Londra	Patru bărbați recunosc complotul bombelor din Londra	Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	Four men admit London bombs plot
1.6	Israelul amenință acțiunea împotriva navei de ajutor din Gaza	Israelul atacă în Fâșia Gaza după focul de rachetă	Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
3.8	Trupuri neînsuflețite găsite la accidentul de avion rusesc în Indonezia	12 cadavre au fost găsite la un accident de avion rusesc în Indonezia	Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
1.0	Siria îndeamnă refugiații să se întoarcă	Armăsarul tenu al Siriei ia stăpânire	Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
4.2	Soldatul american ucide până la 16 civili în Afganistan	Soldatul american ucide până la 16 civili afgani în împușcături	US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
1.2	Rupert Murdoch: Am fost victima unei mușamalizări	Rupert Murdoch stabilit pentru a doua zi de interogare	Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up	Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
0.4	Gărzile de corp ale lui Barack Obama au fost trimise înapoi în SUA după scandalul prostituției	Șeful Barclays începe să evalueze rezolvarea scandalului	Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
3.8	Yuanul Chinei crește la un nou nivel față de USD miercuri	Yuanul Chinei avansează la 6,3103 față de USD miercuri	China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
4.0	Nissan va vinde mașini orientate după fire	Nissan va oferi sisteme de direcție prin cablu la unele mașini Infiniti	Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
3.8	Călugăr tibetan moare după ce și-a dat foc ca protest împotriva stăpânirii chineze	Un călugăr tibetan adolescent moare după ce și-a dat foc în China	Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
1.0	Mumbai este al doilea cel mai scump oraș indian în care se poate locui	Capitala tehnologică Bangalore, cel mai scump oraș indian în care se poate locui: sondaj	Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
3.8	Bărbat, în vârstă de 19 ani, chestionat în legătură cu crima unui adolescent	Omul chestionat în legătură cu crima lui Megan-Leigh	Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
3.4	Israel îl ucide pe comandantul Hamas și bombardează țintele Gaza	Atacurile aeriene din Israel îl ucid pe comandantul Hamas, alți 5	Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
3.6	Gusmao își consolidează puterea în alegerile din Timorul de Est	Gusmao pornește în Timorul de Est	Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Gusmao powers on in East Timor
4.4	echipa de monitorizare ONU urmează să ajungă pe terenul „masacrului” sirian - video	echipa de monitorizare ONU incapabil să ajungă la locul uciderilor din Siria	UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
4.8	NATO condamnă doborârea siriană a jetului militar turc	NATO condamnă cu tărie doborârea jetului turc de către Siria	NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
0.8	Rebelii sirieni atacă posturile libaneze lângă graniță: armată	Armata turcă organizează exerciții de tancuri lângă granița cu Siria	Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army	Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
0.2	Cinci uciși în prăbușirea clădirii din China	Cel puțin 20 uciși în Siria sâmbătă	Five killed in China building collapse	At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
3.4	Forțele siriene lansează noi atacuri	Forțele siriene lansează atacul de la Alep	Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
1.4	Gazanii trag 2 rachete în Israel; fără răni	Gazanii trag 89 de rachete; cabinetul aprobă apelul de rezervă	Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
4.6	Fostul paznic nazist al lagărului de exterminare Demjanjuk a murit la 91 de ani	John Demjanjuk, condamnat paznic al lagărului de exterminare nazist, moare la vârsta de 91 de ani	Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
3.8	Boris Johnson reales ca primarul Londrei	Johnson reales primar pentru Londra	Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor
1.0	Breivik renunță la salutul de extremă dreapta în instanță	Breivik primește o pedeapsă de 21 de ani	Breivik drops far-right salute in court	Breivik gets 21-year sentence
1.4	Al doilea adolescent acuzat de crimă	Fratele actriței EastEnders, Gemma McCluskie, este acuzat de uciderea ei	Second teenager charged with murder	Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
0.8	Francezii se tem de un nou criminal în serie după crime	Procesul de crimă din Jersey: Ucigaș „aude voci”	French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
4.2	SUA: Fratele Madoff va pleda vinovat în NY pentru fraudă	Fratele lui Madoff va pleda vinovat de fraudă	US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
1.8	Hollande îl învinge pe Sarkozy la votul președinției franceze	Sondajele se deschid în toată Franța la alegerile prezidențiale	Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote	Polls open across France in presidential election
3.2	Guvernul libian reluă aeroportul Tripoli	Miliția libiană preia controlul asupra aeroportului din Tripoli	Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
4.6	Clinton avertizează Kenya cu privire la costul violenței electorale	Clinton avertizează Kenya cu privire la costul tulburărilor electorale	Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
4.6	Curtea Supremă din Arkansas anulează legea executării	Judecătorii din Arkansas anulează pedeapsa cu moartea	Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
4.2	Fostul președinte din Africa de Sud, Mandela, a fost externat din spital	Mandela externat din spital	S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	Mandela Discharged From Hospital
0.2	Trimis al ONU în Turcia pentru discuții despre Siria	NZ va spori exporturile către China	UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	NZ to increase exports to China
1.0	Islamistul Morsi câștigă alegerile prezidențiale din Egipt	Al-Shater va candida la alegerile prezidențiale din Egipt	Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
1.6	Donna Summer, regina discotecii	Donna Summer, Regina discotecii, moare la 63 de ani	Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
3.6	Musulmanii din Bangladesh ard altarele budiste, spune poliția	Musulmanii ard pe templele budiste	Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	Muslims torch Buddhist temples
0.4	Drona Statelor Unite ucide cinci militanți în Pakistan	Șase ofițeri de poliție uciși în atacuri în Dagestan	U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan	Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
0.0	Viitorul președinte interimar din Mali se pregătește să intre în funcție	Papa se ia de preoții disidenți în legătură cu celibatul	Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
1.2	9 morți, 168 răniți în ultimele ciocniri din Cairo	10 morți, 12 răniți în explozia sinucigașă a aeroportului din Afganistan de Est	9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes	10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
3.8	Romney câștigă caucuze republicane din Maine	Romney, în revenire, are o victorie îngustă în Maine	Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
3.8	Curtea din Bahrain respinge apelul ultimului miting al medicilor	Bahrain respinge apelul activiștilor	Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal	Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
3.6	Uraganul Sandy se îndreaptă spre estul mării	Uraganul Sandy se îndreaptă spre SUA	Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
0.0	Clinton cere prietenilor Siriei să se unească	Artistul plastic solicită un sprijin mai mare pentru noile talente	Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
0.0	JK Rowling lansează primul ei roman pentru adulți	Siria lansează un atac terestru în Alep	JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
2.4	Partidele guvernului algerian domină alegerile	Participarea la votul parlamentar național algerian ajunge la 44,38%	Algerian government parties dominate elections	Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
0.6	Oficial de securitate ucis în Yemen	Personal de securitate ucis în raidul din Pakistan	Security official killed in Yemen	Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
3.2	Acțiunile americane scad pe măsură cum discuțiile grecești se poticnesc; Apple cade	Acțiunile SUA scad pe Wall Street pe măsură ce discuțiile grecești continuă	US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
5.0	Romney îl alege pe Ryan ca vicepreședinte candidat: sursă	Romney îl va alege pe Ryan candidat de vicepreședinte	Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
1.0	NATO rămâne la foaia de parcurs a tranziției în Afganistan: Rasmussen	Elicopterul NATO aterizează greu în estul Afganistanului	NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
1.4	Mubarak se confruntă cu verdictul în procesul crimei	Fiii lui Mubarak se confruntă cu noi acuzații de tranzacționare din interior	Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
2.0	Nu există blocaje în investiții	India permite investițiile din Pakistan	No blocks to investment	India allows Pakistan investment
2.6	Explozia ucide 11 în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Bombă ucide 19 în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan	Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
0.8	5 voluntari eliberați în operațiune în Afganistan	Un atentat sinucigaș ucide 37 la moscheea din Afganistan	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
3.6	Doi soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	Soldatul NATO ucis în explozia afgană	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
4.0	Nadal se nimerește în finala Open din Franța	Nadal până la a șaptea finală a Openului Franței	Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final
3.2	Rapoartele TV ruse au stricat tentativa asupra lui Putin	Rusia, Ucraina au stricat complotul pentru uciderea lui Putin, se arată în raport	Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
4.4	Putin revendică victoria la alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin câștigă alegerile prezidențiale ruse contestate	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
5.0	Rămășițe de 167 de cadavre găsite în peștera mexicană	Rămășițe de 167 de persoane găsite în peștera Mexicului	Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
4.0	fata orfană de la masacra din Alpi se întoarce în Marea Britanie	Atac Alpi: Fata se întoarce în Marea Britanie	orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
2.8	Echipa Obama ridică miza dezbaterii	Obama ia ofensivă împotriva lui Romney în dezbatere	Obama team raises debate stakes	Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
0.8	Doi miniștri kenyeni dintre cei 6 uciși într-un accident de avion	Polonia îl onorează pe președintele ucis în accidentul aerian din 2010	Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
2.8	Mii de oameni se adună pentru noul miting rus anti-Putin	Mii de oameni se adună la Moscova pentru mitinguri rivale	Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally	Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
3.8	Google numește noul director executiv pentru Motorola Mobility	Google îl numește pe Dennis Woodside pentru a conduce Motorola Mobility	Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO	Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
4.4	Uraganul masiv Sandy coboară pe coasta de est a SUA	Uraganul Sandy vizează coasta de est a SUA	Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
3.4	O altă rachetă lovește Eshkol; fără răni	2 rachete au lovit Eshkol; niciunul rănit	Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
3.8	Încă peste mii de refugiați sirieni fug în Turcia peste noapte	8.000 de refugiați sirieni fug în Turcia peste noapte	Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
4.0	Assange face apel la extrădare la instanța superioară din Marea Britanie	Assange va face apel la extrădare la instanța superioară din Marea Britanie	Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
2.0	Cutremur puternic zguduie majoritatea părților din Pakistan	Un cutremur puternic a lovit estul Indoneziei	Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
1.0	Armati libanezi se ciocnesc asupra crizei din Siria	Sirienii au soluția pentru stoparea crizei din Siria	Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
4.0	Mafia ucide un individ pentru arderea Coranului	Mafia pakistaneză îl ucide pe individ „pentru arderea Coranului”	Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
1.8	Atacul Statelor Unite cu drone ucide patru în Waziristan de Nord	Atacul Statelor Unite cu drone ucide 10 persoane în nord-vestul Pakistanului: oficiali	US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
4.6	Pictura lui Salvador Dali smulsă din galeria din New York	Pictura lui Salvador Dali a fost smulsă în New York	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
1.8	Putin revendică victoria la alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Victoria alegerilor lui Putin în Rusia va fi întâmpinată cu proteste?	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
4.2	Sarkozy anunță o ofertă de realegere	Francezul Nicolas Sarkozy își face oficială oferta de reelecție	Sarkozy announces re-election bid	France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
4.6	SUA, Marea Britanie în pact pentru eliberarea stocurilor de petrol de urgență	SUA, Marea Britanie vor fi de acord cu eliberarea stocurilor de petrol de urgență	US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
3.0	Șomajul în zona euro rămâne la un record de 11%	Șomajul în zona euro este la un nivel record în iunie	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
3.8	Partidul Socialist Francez câștigă victoria parlamentului	Socialiștii francezi câștigă majoritatea absolută a parlamentului	French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
0.6	Islamiști salafi, polițiști se ciocnesc în Tunis - martori	Al doilea islamist grevist al foamei moare într-o închisoare tunisiană	Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
3.8	Strauss-Kahn este investigat în legătură cu rețeaua de prostituție franceză	Dominique Strauss-Kahn se confruntă cu întrebări legate de rețeaua de prostituție franceză	Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring	Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
1.8	Romney câștigă alegerile preliminare republicane	Romney privește etapa preliminară a alegerilor republicane	Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
2.6	Atacul american cu drone ucide patru în Waziristan de Nord	Suspectatul atac cu drone ucide 4 persoane în Pakistan	US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
2.4	2 accidente de circulație s-a soldat cu 47 de morți în China	3 accidente rutiere s-a soldat cu 56 de morți în China	2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
0.0	Șeful CIA demisionează din cauza aventurii amaroase	Hall of Fame îi face semn lui Capriati	Head of CIA resigns over affair	Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
4.0	Francezul Strauss-Kahn a fost acuzat de implicare în rețeaua vicioasă de prostituție	Strauss-Kahn a fost acuzat de prostituție	France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
3.6	Sony raportează record pierderi anuale	Previziunile Sony înregistrează record pierderi anuale de 6.4 miliarde de dolari	Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
0.4	12 uciși în Gaza în urma atacurilor aeriene israeliene	Ictu, Ibec încep greva companiei aeriene	12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
1.4	9 morți în atacuri după o zi mortală în Irak	19 Uciși în atacuri din Irak înainte de sfârșitul Ramadanului	9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
4.4	Barclays lovit de noi investigații a Statelor Unite	Barclays lovit de o nouă sondă a Statelor Unite	Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	Barclays hit by fresh US probe
0.4	SUA închide ambasada în Siria (AP)	Drumuri închise în Armenia	US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	Closed roads in Armenia
4.4	UE ridică noi sancțiuni asupra Siriei	UE impune noi sancțiuni regimului sirian	EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
3.4	Rușii se manifestă împotriva guvernării lui Putin	Zeci de mii se manifestă împotriva guvernării lui Putin (AP)	Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
4.0	Grand Prix în Bahrain se desfășoară concomitent cu protestele	Cursa din Bahrain merge înainte în mijlocul neliniștilor	Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
1.4	Stocurile Chinei se deschid plat luni	Bursele chineze se deschid mixte miercuri	China stocks open flat Monday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
4.6	Sheryl Crow spune că are o tumoare cerebrală benignă	Sheryl Crow are o tumoră cerebrală benignă	Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
3.8	Parlamentul afgan aprobă pactul de securitate SUA-Afganistan	Parlamentul afgan aprobă parteneriatul SUA	Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
0.6	Doi turiști germani, doi piloți uciși în accidentul aerian din Kenya	Senatorul Reid implicat în accidentul cu mașina din Las Vegas: CNN	Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
3.6	Negociatorii israelieni, palestinieni se întâlnesc în liniște	Negociatorii israelieni, palestinieni se întâlnesc în Iordania	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
3.6	Astronautul american Neil Armstrong a murit la 82 de ani	Astronautul american Neil Armstrong moare	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
4.2	Amnistie: rebelii sirieni comit și ei abuzuri	Anchetatorul amnistiei: rebelii din Siria comit și ei abuzuri	Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
1.6	Mitt Romney câștigă alegerile republicane preliminare	Romney câștigă alegerile republicane preliminare	Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary
4.0	Activistul pentru drepturi est-german Gauck a fost ales președinte	Joachim Gauck ales ca președinte german	East German rights activist Gauck elected president	Joachim Gauck elected as German president
2.4	Africa de Sud începe să investigheze violența minelor	Africa de Sud găzduiește „discuții de pace” în așteptarea mea	South Africa starts investigating mine violence	South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
0.4	3 morți, 27 răniți în accidentul din China de Sudvest	35 de morți și 165 dispăruți în accidentul cu barca din India	3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
1.0	Santorum războinic la victoria din Minnesota	Santorum câștigă caucusurile din Kansas	Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
4.0	Legenda spațiului Neil Armstrong moare	Primul om de pe Lună, Neil Armstrong, moare la 82 de ani	Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
4.8	SUA și Turcia cântăresc zone fără zbor pentru Siria	Turcia, SUA cântăresc zone fără zbor pentru Siria	U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
0.8	Om arestat pentru o dublă crimă	Om din WA arestat în raidul poliției împotriva drogurilor	Man arrested over double murder	WA man arrested in police drug raid
2.8	Județele din Florida extind votul anticipat	Democrații Fla. doresc prelungirea programului de votare timpurie	Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
3.8	Nava de război navighează spre Falklands	Nava de război britanică navighează spre Falklands	Warship sets sail for Falklands	British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
1.0	Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: raport de meci, imagini și momente video	QPR 1-2 West Ham: Raport de meci, imagini și momente video	Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
2.8	Prizonierii palestinieni vor pune capăt grevei foamei	Progrese raportate în discuțiile de grevă a foamei a deținuților palestinieni	Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
1.0	Poliție: Patru uciși în incidentul german de luare de ostatici	Palestinieni: 12 morți în atacul IDF în nordul Fâșiei	Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
4.25	Egiptul îl lasă pe premierul Mubarak să revină în cursa prezidențială	Egiptul îl confirmă pe premierul lui Mubarak înapoi în cursa președinției	Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
0.6	Jurnaliști sirieni uciși în capitală	Marinarii americani uciși în atacul de bază	Syrian journalists killed in capital	US Marines killed in base attack
2.4	Candidatul GOP Romney va apela la înarmarea rebelilor sirieni	SUA ajută să obțină arme rebelilor sirieni	GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	US helping get arms to Syria rebels
4.4	Patrula observatorului ONU ajunge la locul masacrului din Siria	Observatorii ONU ajung în satul masacrului din Siria	U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village
0.0	American Airlines și piloții sunt de acord cu un nou contract	Romney se angajează să „stea cu Israelul” în legătură cu amenințarea Iranului	American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
2.8	Premierul grec va anunța noi alegeri	Premierul grec solicită alegerile generale pentru 6 mai	Greek PM to announce new election	Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
1.6	Guvernul Canadei sprijină femeile din Montréal care conduc schimbarea	Guvernul Canadei sprijină siguranța femeilor în Regina	Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
3.2	Nicio problemă dacă Mulayam formează al treilea front: Congresul	Nicio problemă dacă Mulayam formează al treilea front: Digvijay	No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
0.0	Bradley triumfă la Firestone pe măsură ce Furyk dispare	Instanța din Bahrain confirmă sentințele împotriva liderilor răscoalei	Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
2.2	Accidentul avionului din Ghana ucide cel puțin 10 persoane	Accident de avion în Ghana: Cum a raportat media internațională	Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
1.8	Șase soldați americani uciși în atacul cu bombă afgan	6 soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
1.6	Forțele siriene lansează atacul de la Alep	Forțele siriene ucid 54 înaintea misiunii de pace Annan	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
1.0	Romney, Obama luptă pentru avantajul Medicare	Obama, Romney intră în competiție pentru indeciși, principala bătălie	Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
3.6	Directorul general al BBC demisionează din cauza „jurnalismului de calitate”	Directorul general al BBC demisionează pe fondul scandalului Newsnight	BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
4.8	Rick Santorum câștigă caucusurile din Kansas	Rick Santorum obține o victorie în caucusurile din Kansas	Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
3.2	În Egiptul condus de islamiști, Biserica coptă numește noul papă	Creștinii egipteni aleg un nou papă	In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope
5.0	Angajamentul SUA de a reconstrui Haiti nefiind îndeplinit	Angajamentul SUA de a reconstrui Haiti nefiind îndeplinit	US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met	US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
1.0	Acțiunile chineze se închid joi mai sus	Bursele chineze se deschid mixte miercuri	Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
3.6	Grecia va vota bugetul 2013; protestatarii se adună	Grecia va vota bugetul 2013	Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	Greece to vote on 2013 budget
4.0	SUA, UE salută cu prudență propunerea Iranului de a relua discuțiile nucleare	SUA, UE salută oferta Iranului de a relua discuțiile nucleare	U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
2.8	Clinton avertizează Kenya cu privire la costul violenței electorale	Clinton îl avertizează repetat pe Kenia cu privire la haosul votării din 2007	Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
3.8	Protestele anti-americane asupra filmului se extind în aproape 20 de țări	Furia anti-americană străbate Orientul Mijlociu asupra filmului	Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
1.0	Jurnaliștii susțin deschiderea Jocurilor Olimpice de la Londra	Delegația israeliană mărșăluiește în deschiderea Jocurilor Olimpice din 2012	Journalists hail London Olympics opening	Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
1.5	Acțiunile Aust sunt în scădere	Acțiunile Tokyo sunt în scădere	Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower
3.4	WikiLeaks începe să publice două milioane de emailuri siriene	WikiLeaks publică o colecție importantă de documente siriene	WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails	WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
3.0	Palestinienii: 2 militanți din Gaza uciși într-un atac aerian israelian în zona de coastă	Reprezentanții autorităților: un bărbat din Gaza ucis într-un atac aerian israelian (AP)	Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
4.6	Președintele statului Mali înaintează demisia	Președintele statului Mali demisionează formal	Mali's President Hands in Resignation	Mali's President Formally Resigns
1.4	Trei persoane ucise în atacul sinucigaș cu bombă comis în Nigeria	60 de oameni uciși în atacul din piața de vite din Nigeria	Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
1.6	Evenimente: Evoluții în domeniul securității în Irak, 1 februarie	Evenimente: Evoluții în domeniul securitatății în Pakistan, 13 martie	FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
4.2	HRW: Iordania are o atitudine prejudecată față de palestinienii din Siria	Iordania este împotriva palestinienilor din Siria	HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria	Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
3.8	Raport: Israel printre cei mai mari exportatori de arme din lume	Israel printre cei mai mari exportatori și importatori de arme	Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	Israel among top arms exporters and importers
0.8	Egiptenii vor vota pentru noul președinte	Membrii parlamentari somalieni vor alege un nou președinte	Egyptians to vote for new president	Somali MPs to elect new president
5.0	Federer câștigă al 7-lea titlu la Wimbledon	Federer a câștigat cel de-al 7-lea titlu de la Wimbledon	Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
3.6	Liderul Al-Qaida solicită răpirea occidentalilor în Egipt	Liderul Al-Qaida îndeamnă la răpirea occidentalilor	Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
2.6	Acțiunile din China s-au închis mixt vineri	Acțiunile chineze se închid în creștere vineri la amiază	China stocks close mixed Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
1.6	43 de persoane ucise într-un accident de autobuz	15 persoane ucise într-un accident în India	43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in India
4.0	Putin învestit în funcția de președinte al Rusiei	Putin învestit în funcția de președinte al Rusiei pentru 6 ani	Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
0.0	China revine pe excedent comercial în martie	Starea de tensiune revine în sudul orașului Tel Aviv	China trade returns to surplus in March	Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
2.2	Repere ale dezbaterii viceprezidențiale	Cinci lucruri de urmărit în dezbaterea prezidențială	Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	Five things to watch in the presidential debate
1.4	Episod complet: Linia de noapte 6/29: Katie Holmes și Tom Cruise divorțează	Custodia, imagini în joc în divorțul Cruise-Holmes	Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
3.0	Regimul sirian neagă implicarea în masacrul Hula	Siria îi acuză pe rebeli pentru masacrul de la Hula de peste 100 victime	Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre	Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
4.4	Sudanul de Sud acuză Sudanul de atentate înainte de tratative	Sudanul de Sud acuză Sudanul de bombardament în timpul discuțiilor	South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
0.0	Nouă persoane ucise în atac armat în Pakistan	Cinci milioane de cetățeni obțin un salariu neoficial în Ucraina	Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan	Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
3.2	Siria cere garanții, rebelii spun că planul de pace este compromis	Siria cere garanție scrisă pentru retragerea trupelor	Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
3.8	Terminalul Minn se redeschide după evacuare	Terminalul Minn se redeschide după ce un bagaj a cauzat evacuarea	Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
4.0	Golf: Westwood preia conducerea în competiția Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood participă la Dubai Desert Classic	Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
2.8	Sudan blochează YouTube din considerente ce țin de filme anti-Islam	Premierul Pakistanului ordonă oprirea YouTube datorită filmelor anti-Islam	Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
1.4	Sondajele se deschid la alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Sondajele se închid la alegerile prezidențiale din Senegal	Polls open in Russian presidential election	Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
4.4	Chavez pleacă din nou în Cuba pentru radioterapie	Chavez este programat pentru o serie de ședințe de radioterapie în Cuba	Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
0.6	Președintele român a declarat victoria	Președintele chinez încheie vizita de stat în Danemarca	Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
3.6	Rușii au sprijinit biserica ortodoxă în controversele Pussy Riot	Biserica Ortodoxă Rusă mobilizează credincioși după critică	Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
1.4	Clinton aterizează în India pentru a revitaliza legăturile	Clinton avertizează împotriva subminării băncii Grameen	Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
4.2	Liderul interimar al statului Mali preia funcția	Președintele interimar al Mali a depus jurământul în birou	Mali interim leader takes office	Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
3.8	Putin declară victorie în votul prezidențial rus	Putin 'câștigă' alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
1.6	AL reînnoiește condamnarea pentru violența din Siria	SUA închide ambasada din Damasc din cauza violenței din Siria	AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
3.4	UE aplică sancțiuni familiei Assad	UE aplică sancțiuni soției lui Assad; mortarele lovesc Homs	EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
1.8	Instructor în cadrul Forțelor Aeriene se confruntă cu condamnarea pentru viol	Femeile depun mărturie la condamnarea instructorului din cadrul Forțelor Aeriene	Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
3.8	Peste 30 de mineri în grevă au fost uciși	Peste 30 de mineri în grevă au fost uciși în Africa de Sud	More than 30 striking miners killed	More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
2.6	Iron Drome interceptează 17 rachete	Iron Drome interceptează două rachete țintite către Beersheba	Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
4.5	Islamiștii din Mali distrugând „mai multe temple Timbuktu”	Islamiștii din Mali distrug mai multe locuri sfinte din Timbuktu	Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
1.8	Acțiunile din China închid sesiunea la un preț mai ridicat la mijlocul zilei	Acțiunile chineze se deschid la o valoare mai ridicată joi	China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
0.0	Oamenii de știință reînvie flori din semințe preistorice	Nintendo reduce pierderile, micșorează prognoza pentru anul curent	Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
2.6	Un bărbat condamnat în cazul dezvăluirilor de informații din Vatican	Butler urmează a fi judecat în cazul „Vatileaks”	Man convicted in Vatican leaks case	"Butler to be tried in ""Vatileaks"" case"
2.8	Romney, Paul se luptă pentru câștigarea alegerilor interne în Maine	Romney a câștigat la limită alegerile interne în Maine	Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
3.8	Ciocniri sectare zdruncină orașul libanez Tripoli	Ciocniri sectare zdruncină orașul libanez, 3 persoane ucise	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
3.4	Repsol atacă Argentina pentru naționalizarea YPF	Repsol denunță Argentina asupra naționalizării petrolului	Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
1.4	Mai multe persoane decedate, 550 de rănite în accidentul de tren din Argentina	49 de morți presupuși în accidentul de tren din Buenos Aires	Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
4.0	Aung San Suu Kyi se adresează parlamentarilor britanici	Aung San Suu Kyi a Burmei se va adresa parlamentului în vizita din iunie	Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
4.0	Șerif: Un om a recuperat mașina furată cu 42 de ani înainte	Un bărbat din SUA își recuperează mașina la 42 de ani de la furt	Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	US man recovers car 42 years after theft
4.0	CEO-ul Google spune că Android este important, nu este critic	Larry Page spune că Android este important, nu critic	Google CEO says Android important, not critical	Larry Page says Android important, not critical
3.6	Iranul ar putea reduce exporturile de petrol către mai multe state UE	Parlamentarii din Iran sunt gata să interzică exporturile de petrol către unele state UE	Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
0.8	Incendiile din fabrică ucid cel puțin 260 de persoane în Pakistan	Cel puțin șase morți în împușcăturile din Pakistan	Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
0.0	Unul din cei patru din avionul pierdut din Indonezia este australian.	Pictorul iranian Mansoureh Hosseini moare	Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
3.8	Romney promite să restabilească „promisiunea Americii”	Romney promite să „restabilească America”	Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'	Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
0.6	Fiica lui Santorum, în vârstă de 3 ani, a fost internată în spital	Directorul „Kony 2012” internat în spital	Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	Kony 2012' director hospitalized
1.2	Mandela externat din spital	Președintele israelian externat din spital	Mandela released from hospital	Israeli president released from hospital
3.8	Jaya Prada este pregătită să se alăture BJP	Este probabil ca Jaya Prada să se alăture BJP, Amar Singh urmează să decidă pentru ea	Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
2.8	Nasrallah (Hezbollah) avertizează SUA cu privire la filmul anti-islamic	Hezbollah solicită mai multe proteste împotriva filmelor anti-islamice	Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
3.2	Nadal îl depășește pe Djokovic pentru al 7-lea titlu al Openului Franței	Tenis: Nadal îl învinge pe Djokovic pentru titlul de la Monte Carlo	Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
3.0	Costurile îngrijirii copiilor cresc cu aproape 6%	Îngrijirea copiilor „costă 15.000 de lire sterline pe an”	Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
3.4	Obama cere o acțiune decisivă asupra crizei datoriilor din Europa	Obama îndeamnă Europa să acționeze rapid în timp de criză	Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
1.0	Amestecul de carne de vită pentru hamburgeri retras datorită pericolului de salmonella	Pudra de ciocolată retrasă din cauza posibilei contaminări cu salmonella	Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
4.2	Obama și Romney se pregătesc pentru prima dezbatere	Obama și Romney se pregătesc pentru dezbatere	Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate
0.8	Primele zăcăminte semnificative de gaz au fost găsite în largul Keniei	Sunt ucise 38 de persoane în ultimele ciocniri terestre din Kenya	First significant gas found offshore Kenya	Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
2.2	Muncitor al Crucii Roșii ucis în Pakistan	Lucrător voluntar din Marea Britanie răpit și ucis în Pakistan	Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
3.4	8 rachete au fost lansate din Gaza către sudul Israelului; nimeni nu a fost rănit	Zece rachete din Gaza aterizează în sudul Israelului; nimeni nu a fost rănit	8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
1.6	Soldat american ucis într-un incident cu împușcături în sudul Afganistanului	Cinci soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
0.8	Sondajele se închid la alegerile prezidențiale egiptene	Comunicate de presă: Alegeri prezidențiale din Yemen	Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
1.2	Poliția nu a confirmat afirmațiile lui Savile	BBC se confruntă cu întrebări cu privire la cazul Savile	Police 'did not link' Savile claims	BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
3.4	Șomajul în zona euro rămâne la un record de 11%	Șomajul în zona euro atinge un nivel maxim record	Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high
4.2	James Murdoch părăsește BSkyB	James Murdoch renunță la rolul de la BSkyB	James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
4.8	Ray Bradbury, scriitorul de science fiction emblematic, moare la 91 de ani	Legendarul scriitor de science fiction Ray Bradbury mort la 91 de ani	Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
0.6	Alegerile prezidențiale din Egipt, 23-24 mai	Alegerile prezidențiale din SUA, 2012	Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012
3.4	Patru soldați francezi uciși în explozia sinucigașă afgană	Patru soldați străini uciși în estul afgan	Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
4.0	Observatorii ONU găsesc urmele masacrului sirian	Echipa ONU investighează masacrul sirian	UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	UN team investigates Syrian massacre
3.6	Sondaj AP: Majoritatea din SUA are prejudicii împotriva negrilor	Sondaj AP: Majoritatea are prejudecăți împotriva negrilor	AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
4.2	Sursa AP: Redskins se tranzacționează ca alegerea nr. 2	Redskins vor să facă un schimb pentru alegerea numarul 2	AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
4.0	China spune că bugetul apărării va crește cu 11.2% în 2012	Cheltuielile de apărare ale Chinei vor crește cu 11.2%	China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
0.0	Un șir de explozii din Irak ucide cel puțin 32 de persoane	Cutremurul puternic din Italia ucide cel puțin șase persoane	String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
3.8	Președintele Ecuadorului, Correa, declară că nu s-a luat nicio decizie cu privire la azilul lui Assange	Ecuador încă nu a decis asupra azilului lui Assange	Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
3.8	SUA oferă 10 mil. USD pentru militantul pakistanez	SUA oferă 10 milioane de dolari pentru conducătorul militant pakistanez	US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
3.8	6 trupe NATO ucise în atacul IED din Afganistan	6 trupe NATO ucise în Afganistan	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
0.8	Soțiile lui Osama Bin Laden vor fi trimise la închisoare	Filmul lui Osama Bin Laden va fi realizat în India	Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed	Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
4.0	Egiptenii votează în alegerile prezidențiale de referință	Egiptenii merg la urne la o alegere istorică	Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	Egyptians go to polls in historic election
3.8	Pilotul JetBlue care a întrerupt zborul a fost declarat nebun, nu vinovat	Pilotul JetBlue care a provocat întreruperea de zbor declarat nevinovat	JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
2.2	Avertisment de tsunami: nu este nevoie ca SA să intre în panică	Avertisment de tsunami după cutremurul Aceh	Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
4.8	SUA predă închisoarea Bagram către autoritățile afgane	SUA transferă controlul închisorii Bagram afganilor	US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
2.0	Jeremy Hunt se distanțează de consilierul care „a întrecut limita”	Jeremy Hunt nu demisionează în timp ce SpAd renunță ca urmare a mailurilor News Corp	Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
0.4	Obama laudă legăturile comerciale dintre SUA și America Latină	Agenții din Serviciile Secrete ai lui Obama trimiși acasă	Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home
2.0	Blitzbokke eliminat de Fiji	Blitzbokke bătut de Noua Zeelandă	Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
0.4	Obama și Romney se concentrează asupra statelor indecise	Echipa Anna nu a decis încă să conteste sondajele de stat	Obama and Romney focus on swing-states	Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
0.2	Atacul cu grenade ucide unul și rănește cel puțin 11	Un atac sexual asupra unei femei este investigat	Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated
1.4	„Zeci de decedați” găsiți în Siria	Încă opt cadavre găsite pe navă	Scores of bodies' found in Syria	Eight more bodies found on ship
0.8	Atacatorul acuzat de uciderea unui adolescent negru din SUA	Gânduri asupra relațiilor rasiale sub un președinte negru	Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president
1.8	Jonny Bairstow și Eoin Morgan câștigă pentru Anglia în Mumbai	Bairstow lovește cu succes în turneul din India	Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
4.4	Cum dezvoltatorii de parcuri eoliene folosesc trucurile camerei pentru a face turbinele să pară mai mici decât sunt în realitate	Dezvoltatorii de parcuri eoliene care folosesc „trucuri” pentru a face turbinele să pară mai mici	How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
2.4	Drona americană ucide șase militanți în Pakistan: conform oficialilor	Rachetele americane ucid 15 în Pakistan: conform oficialilor	US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
2.6	Nigeria: trupele nigeriene roiesc după ce 40 au fost omorâți în masacrul studențesc	Poliția din Nigeria face arestări după masacrul din colegiu	Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
2.2	Nervii s-au calmat - momentan: piețele cresc pe seama relaxării provocate de salvarea Băncii Spaniole	Focusul se mută în Grecia după ce Spania a asigurat salvarea băncii	Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
1.4	Lupte intense raportate în Alep din Siria	Lupte intense raportate la Damasc	Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
1.8	Franța spune că Grecia trebuie să dea dovadă de credibilitate pentru zona euro	Hollande al Franței susține Grecia dar solicită o reformă credibilă	France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone	France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
1.2	Avengers stabilește recordul la box-office	Filmul Jocurile Foamei bate recordul de box-office din SUA	Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
1.0	4 soldați francezi au fost raportați uciși în Afganistan	Soldat britanic ucis în Afganistan	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
3.4	Dilema salvării Spaniei devine mai acută	Dilema spaniolă devine mai acută	Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	Spanish dilemma gets more acute
0.6	Soldat NATO ucis în Afganistan	Doi soldați Australieni răniți în Afganistan	NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
2.4	Bursele chineze se deschid miercuri la valori mai scăzute	Titlurile de valori din China se deschid vineri la valori mai reduse	Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday
1.0	Conducerea palestiniană condamnă apelul FM israelian de a-l elimina pe Abbas	Conducerea palestiniană susține acordul Fatah-Hamas Doha	Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
4.8	Mitt Romney câștigă alegerile preliminare în Maryland	Romney câștigă primul tur de alegeri din Maryland	Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary	Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
3.6	Omul găsește mașina pe eBay la 42 de ani după ce a fost furată	Un bărbat din Texas își găsește mașina la 42 de ani după ce a fost furată	Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
3.4	Fiul lui Sylvester Stallone a fost găsit mort la Hollywood	Fiul lui Sylvester Stallone, Sage Stallone, a fost găsit mort în Hollywood	Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood	Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
2.8	NATO: 4 lucrători salvați de la insurgenții afgani	5 lucrători eliberați în operațiunea din Afganistan	NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
1.8	Rusia întemnițează punkerii de la protestele Pussy Riot pentru doi ani	Curtea rusă se va pronunța în procesul Pussy Riot	Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years	Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
4.4	Israelul îi interzice scriitorului german Grass intrarea în țară din cauza poemului	Israelul îi interzice accesul autorului german Grass datorită poemului	Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	Israel bars German author Grass over poem
1.8	"Lista de ""Trebuie-Citite"" dată de The Note, 1 august 2012"	"Lista de ""Trebuie-Citite"" ale The Note, miercuri, 4 iulie 2012"	The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
2.4	Trupa americană NATO a fost reținută din cauza împușcării civililor afgani	SUA se declară întristată în privința împușcării civililor afgani	NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
1.6	Hollande câștigă alegerile prezidențiale franceze	Timorul de Est votează în alegerile prezidențiale	Hollande wins French presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election
1.8	Armata: stocurile chimice siriene amenință Israelul	Rusia îi transmite Siriei că amenințarea cu arme chimice este inacceptabilă	Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
3.6	Fitch ridică Ford la gradul de investiție	Fitch readuce creditul Ford la gradul de investiție	Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
2.0	Condițiile planului de pace din Siria catalogate ca „inacceptabile” de opoziție	Pacea din Siria s-a prăbușit odată cu depășirea termenului limită	Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says	Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
2.4	Conflicte în timp ce grecii protestează împotriva mai multor reduceri	Conflictele izbucnesc pe măsură ce votul grecilor se apropie	Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
2.4	9 morți, 11 răniți, 4 dispăruți în avalanșa din Mont Blanc	6 morți, mai mulți dispăruți în avalanșa din Mont Blanc	9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
4.6	Talibanii se postează ca „femei atrăgătoare” pe Facebook pentru spionaj	Soldați talibani se prezintă drept femei frumoase pe Facebook pentru a obține secretele trupelor	Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
1.2	Activistul chinez Chen aterizează în SUA	Activistul chinez reînnoiește chemarea de a combate nedreptatea	China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
3.2	City Room: Împușcăturile din clădirea Empire State	2 morți în împușcături în fața clădirii Empire State	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
4.4	Mohamed Morsi învestit ca președintele Egiptului	Mursi învestit ca președintele Egiptului	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
1.0	În atacul asupra bazei NATO în Afganistan au fost ucise 15 persoane	Lucrătorii eliberați în raidul din Afganistan	Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
1.0	Explozie suicidă din Yemen, atac cu drone ucide cel puțin 30 de persoane	Atacurile din Irak au ucis cel puțin șase persoane	Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
3.0	Torres continuă după ce pariul olimpic eșuează	Torres termină pe locul 4, ratează a șasea olimpiadă	Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
2.8	Pakistanul începe demolarea complexului bin Laden	Pakistanul demolează ascunzătoarea lui Osama bin Laden	Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound	Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
3.6	Sudanul dă vina pe Israel pentru focul de arme de la Khartoum	Sudanul acuză Israelul de atac aerian asupra fabricii de arme	Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire	Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
3.8	S-a ajuns la un acord Casa-Senat cu privire la măsura de impozitare a salariilor	Negociatorii ajung la o înțelegere cu privire la factura Congresului de reducere a impozitului pe salariu	House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
1.4	Furtuna tropicală Isaac afundă Haiti și lovește puternic Cuba	Furtuna tropicală Isaac amenință barajul	Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba	Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
2.2	Activiștii pro-palestinieni străini caută să intre în West Bank	100 de pro-palestinieni caută să intre în Israel la Allenby	Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
3.0	Bursele mondiale cresc pe baza speranțelor de stimulare a UE și SUA	Acțiunile cresc în speranța unui stimulent al Băncii Federale	World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
4.0	Gore Vidal mort la 86 de ani: legendarul autor, dramaturg și politician moare	Gore Vidal, autor celebru, dramaturg, moare la 86 de ani	Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
2.4	Acțiunile mondiale scad înainte de termenul limită pentru acordul datoriei grecești	Acțiunile din Asia scad înainte de termenul limită pentru acordul datoriei grecești	World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
4.2	Poliția din Africa de Sud a împușcat mortal 30 de mineri	Poliția din Africa de Sud spune că a ucis peste 30 de mineri	South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
2.4	Isaac lovește Haiti, se îndreaptă spre Cuba, Florida	Isaac se apropie de Haiti care are o populație fără adăpost datorită cutremurului	Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
1.2	Marea Britanie apelează la opoziția Siriei	Cui îi pasă de poporul sirian?	Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	Who cares about the Syrian people?
4.0	Obama relaxează regulile de deportare pentru tinerii imigranți	SUA relaxează regulile de deportare pentru tineri: Napolitano	Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
3.8	Analiști: Microsoft Surface este un mare pariu pe viitor	Tableta Microsoft Surface promițătoare, dar anumite întrebări rămân	Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
3.6	Iubita lui „Whitey” Bulger condamnată la 8 ani	Iubita mafiotului „Whitey” Bulger condamnată la 8 ani	Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	"Mobster ""Whitey"" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years"
3.8	Președintele mauritanian împușcat de armată	Președintele mauritan împușcat	Mauritanian president shot by army unit	Mauritanian president shot at
4.6	Omul își dă foc în procesul Breivik	Un om își dă foc în fața locului unde se derulează procesul Breivik	Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
3.8	Atacul american cu drone ucide 10 persoane în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Drona americană ucide 10 militanți suspecți în Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
5.0	9.000 de marinari americani vor părăsi Okinawa	9.000 de marinari americani se vor muta din Okinawa: declarație	9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
1.8	Toys R Us renunță la taxe pentru programul layaway	Wal-Mart reduce taxa pentru programul layaway de vacanță	Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
3.0	Iranul extinde activitățile de îmbogățire nucleară: raportul AIEA	Iranul intensifică munca ascunsă în privința armelor nucleare - AIEA	Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
3.0	Donna Summer, Regina Disco, moare la 63 de ani	Donna Summer, regina discotecii	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco
4.0	Atacurile irakiene ucid generalul și patru polițiști	Atacurile din Irak ucid generalul și alți 4	Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
2.6	Cel puțin 80 de morți în cutremurele din nord-vestul Iranului	180 de morți, 1.300 de răniți în cutremurele din nord-vestul Iranului	At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
5.0	„Preotul pop-star” al Braziliei primește o nouă scenă gigantică	„Preotul pop-star” al Braziliei primește o scenă nouă gigantică	Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
0.6	Washington: Mai mult de 100 sunt acuzați de în cadrul investigației de fraudă Medicare	Washington: Curtea confirmă Legea drepturilor de vot în cazul Alabama	Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
4.2	Putin revendică victoria la alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin revendică victoria în votul prezidențial	Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin claims victory in presidential vote
1.0	Clinton gata să lupte pentru Obama	Acțiunile lui Clinton sunt greu de urmat pentru Obama	Clinton ready to fight for Obama	Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
4.4	Romney îl anunță pe Paul Ryan ca partener de candidatură	Romney îl alege pe Ryan ca partener de candidatură din partea Partidului Republican	Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
2.2	Piețele europene cresc în perspectiva speranțelor de salvare a Greciei	Miniștrii europeni sunt pregătiți să aprobe salvarea grecească	European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
4.6	Edwards este achitat pentru un cap de acuzare, restul au fost anulate	Edwards a fost găsit nevinovat pentru un singur cap de acuzare; erori judiciare pentru restul	Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
4.2	Halterofilul ucrainean primește interdicție pe patru ani pentru dopaj	Ucraineanul Korobka primește interdicție de patru ani datorită dopajului	Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
3.0	Este posibil ca atacatorul să fi filmat masacrul școlar	Ucigașul este posibil să fi filmat împușcăturile din școala din Franța	Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting
1.6	Acțiunile din Hong Kong se închid la 0.28%	Acțiunile din Hong Kong se deschid cu 0.62% mai mult	Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
0.8	Un sinucigaș cu bombă atacă baza de securitate algeriană	Un atentat sinucigaș vizează biserica nigeriană	Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
1.0	Thailanda: Iranienii au planificat să atace israelienii	Malaezia va extrada iranianul pentru atacul asupra israelienilor	Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
1.2	Curtea militară israeliană respinge apelul palestinianului intrat în greva foamei	Israelul ajunge la un acord cu greviștii foamei palestinieni	Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker	Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
1.6	Avengers stabilește recordul la box-office	„Hunger Games” stabilește recorduri la box-office	Avengers sets box office record	Hunger Games' sets box office records
4.2	"Putin ""câștigă alegerile prezidențiale rusești"""	Putin „câștigă” alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
1.4	Putin votează în timp ce rușii sunt în proces electoral	Putin va câștiga alegerile prezidențiale din Rusia	Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	Putin to win Russia's presidential election
4.8	Șeful ONU își găsește vocea, rămâne prudent asupra Chinei	Perspectivă: șeful ONU reîncepe să vorbească, dar rămâne precaut cu privire la China	UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China	Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
3.2	Libienii încep să predea armele	Libienii transferă armele armatei	Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army
2.4	Arhiepiscopul britanic de Canterbury se transferă la Cambridge	Arhiepiscopul de Canterbury urmează să demisioneze în mijlocul unor sciziuni	British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
4.2	Punjab Mail deraiază lângă Rohtak, 19 răniți	Punjab Mail deraiază lângă Rohtak în Haryana, 19 răniți	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
4.0	George Zimmerman „va fi acuzat” de uciderea lui Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman va fi acuzat în cazul Trayvon Martin, spune oficialul	George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
3.8	Rebelii indieni maoisti oferă tratative pentru a elibera ostatici italieni	India: rebeli maoisti în tratative despre eliberarea italienilor	Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
2.8	Doi au fost raportați morți în împușcături în clădirea Empire State din NY	City Room: Împușcături în clădirea Empire State	Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
1.0	Cinci morți în urma exploziei sinucigașe din Pakistan	Cel puțin 63 de morți în incendiul fabricii din Pakistan	Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
2.4	Jucătorii de fotbal Penn State reacționează la sancțiuni	Echipa de fotbal Penn State a fost sancționat de NCAA	Penn State football players react to sanctions	Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
0.5	Israelul trebuie să-l elibereze sau să-l judece pe palestinianul în greva foamei prelungită	Ministrul israelian vrea destituirea liderului palestinian	Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
1.0	Raportul ONU spune că ambele părți din Siria abuzează de drepturi	Liderul NATO reduce riscul confruntării Turcia-Siria	UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
3.2	Fata acuzată de arderea Coranului se ascunde	Fata acuzată de arderea Coranului a ieșit pe cauțiune	Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
2.2	Franța avertizează Siria cu privire la utilizarea armelor chimice	ONU îngrijorată de posibile arme chimice în Siria	France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
4.4	Furtuni care pun viața în pericol temute în Midwest	"Furtuni ""care pun viața în pericol"" prezise pentru Midwest"	Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
0.8	Greva profesorilor din Chicago se apropie de sfârșit cu un acord „cadru” în vigoare	Greva generală se încheie: Histadrut, Trezoreria ajung la un acord	Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
1.4	Președintele indonezian va vizita Marea Britanie	Președintele indonezian va vizita Australia	Indonesian president to visit UK	Indonesian president to visit Australia
4.4	Furtuna întârzie începutul convenției republicane	Furtuna lovește Florida, amânând convenția republicană	Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
0.8	Cel puțin două persoane din NATO ucise în accidentul cu elicopterul din Afganistan: militar	Cel puțin 18 uciși în atacuri cu bombe în Afganistan: oficiali	At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
2.6	Președintele Mills trebuie să renunțe - lector	Președintele John Evans Atta-Mills trebuie să demisioneze acum - NPP Germania	President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
5.0	Miami Heat câștigă finala NBA	Miami Heat câștigă Campionatul NBA	Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
4.2	Japonia închide ultimul reactor nuclear	Japonia oprește ultima centrală nucleară în acest weekend	Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
1.2	Ryanair lansează o nouă ofertă pentru Aer Lingus	Șeful Ryanair salută concluziile raportului	Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings
4.4	Forțele aeriene rusești sărbătoresc aniversarea de 100 de ani	Aniversarea de 100 de ani ale forțelor aeriane rusești	Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	Russian air force's 100th anniversary
2.2	6 trupe NATO ucise în Afganistan	Soldatul NATO ucis în Afganistan	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
1.6	O zi de marți nu prea grozavă pentru Mitt Romney	Romney conduce Santorum în competițiile GOP Super Tuesday	Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
2.4	Putin învestit pe măsură ce creșterea rusă se clatină	Putin învestit ca președintele Rusiei pentru 6 ani	Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
3.4	ArQule, Daiichi întrerupe trial-ul pentru cancer pulmonar, acțiunile scad	Stocul ArQule scade în timp ce studiul cancerului pulmonar stagnează	ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
1.6	Adolescentul și tatăl uciși în accident	Trei morți identificați într-un accident îngrozitor	Teenager and father killed in crash	Three killed in horror crash are named
4.2	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,1 lovește Indonezia	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,1 lovește Papua, Indonezia - USGS	6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
4.2	2 americani uciși în timp ce tulburările afgane intră în a cincea zi	Doi ofițeri americani au fost asasinați în timp ce tulburările afgane continuă	2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
0.6	Oficiali: Romney va beneficia de protecția Serviciilor Secrete	Obama abordează scandalul Serviciului Secret	Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection	Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
1.0	Premierul japonez solicită prelucrarea mai rapidă a deșeurilor generate de tsunami	Japonia marchează un an de la dezastrul produs de cutremur și de tsunami	Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
1.4	Pilotul de vânătoare sirian dezertează în Iordania	Premierul sirian dezertează în Iordania	Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	Syrian PM defects to Jordan
1.2	Republica Arabă Siriană: Refugiați sirieni (începând cu 28 iunie 2012)	Republica Arabă Siriană: peste 70 de morți în Siria înainte de revenirea lui Annan	Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
1.2	Un atentat sinucigaș cu bombă ucide 16 persoane în Afganistan	Un atentat sinucigaș cu bombă ucide 12 persoane într-o biserică în Nigeria	Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
3.2	Companiile aeriene anulează biletele activiștilor „flytilla” către TA	Compania aeriană britanică anulează biletele „Flytilla” la obiecțiile Israelului	Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
0.2	Spania cere salvarea băncilor	Spaniol judecat pentru moartea disidentului cubanez	Spain asks for bank rescue	Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death
1.4	Apele tulburi ale Mării Chinei de Sud	Pacea se așterne peste Marea Chinei de Sud	The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea
0.6	Sri Lanka încearcă să recupereze împotriva Pakistanului	Jurnalist senior ucis în Pakistan	Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
3.8	SpaceX dochează cu Stația Spațială Internațională: Ce urmează, călătoria publică?	Docuri SpaceX Dragon cu stație spațială internațională	SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
4.0	Marșul Un Milion de Muppets pentru sprijinirea lui Obama a PBS	Million Muppet March a planificat să apere sprijinul SUA pentru PBS	Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
1.4	Opoziția siriană în discuțiile de reconciliere	Consiliul de opoziție sirian va trimite un delegat în Franța	Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
1.0	Sensex a scăzut cu 193 de puncte după problemele de la buget	Romney nu va oferi voluntar informații asupra diferențelor de buget	Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	Romney won't volunteer budget differences
3.6	Facebook mărește oferta publică inițială cu 25 de puncte procentuale pentru a strânge 15 miliarde de dolari	Facebook mărește oferta publică inițială cu 25%	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
4.0	Parlamentul iranian contestă un Ahmadinejad demis	Parlamentul iranian îl contestă pe președintele Ahmadinejad	Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
1.6	Atacul sinucigaș din Yemen ucide 7 soldați: oficial	Mașina cu bombă suicidă afgană ucide cel puțin șapte persoane: oficial	Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
0.8	Votul prezidențial polarizează egiptenii	Aspiranții prezidențiali ai GOP se ciocnesc în cursele sudice	Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
1.8	Încă trei soldați americani uciși în Afganistan	Soldatul NATO ucis în Afganistan	Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
0.4	Poliția ridică numărul de morți în accidentul de autobuz la 8	Moartea lui Rodney King a fost considerată un accident	Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	Rodney King death ruled accidental
0.8	Patru soldați străini uciși în estul afgan	2 soldați britanici uciși în atacul intern al afganilor	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
3.6	Muncitor al Crucii Roșii ucis în Pakistan	Un medic de la Crucea Roșie britanic răpit în Pakistan a fost găsit decapitat	Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
3.8	Guvernele afgane și americane semnează un acord asupra controversatul raid de noapte	Afganii și SUA semnează un acord asupra raidurilor nocturne	Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid	Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
1.6	10 persoane ucise în accidentul minier din China	20 de persoane ucise în accidentul unui camion din China	China mine accident kills 10	China truck accident kills 20
0.4	Australia poate eclipsa Anglia în Windies	Premierul australian sfidat sub presiunea asupra conducerii	Australia can eclipse England in Windies	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
3.4	Proteste la verdictul Pussy Riot	Verdictul Pussy Riot a fost întâmpinat cu sfidare	Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
2.2	Serviciul secret se confruntă cu „cel mai mare scandal” asupra prostituatelor	„Regretul” scandalului sexual al serviciului secret	Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes	Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
3.4	Kuweit: activiștii asaltează ambasada Siriei; doi răniți	Activiștii asaltează ambasada Siriei în Kuweit	Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
3.4	Detalii despre vizita lui Aung San Suu Kyi în Irlanda	Bun venit fermecător pentru călătoria istorică a lui Aung San Suu Kyi	Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
2.2	Key spune că vizita lui Marae s-a soldat cu o oportunitate pierdută	Key dorește ca vizita lui Waitangi Marae să se prelungească	Key says marae visit a lost opportunity	Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
3.8	Norvegia marchează aniversarea masacrului	Norvegia marchează aniversarea masacrului lui Breivik	Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
0.0	Femeie ucisă de resturi căzute	Când un aliat refuză	Woman killed by falling debris	When an ally declines
1.0	Acțiunile Aust cresc cu 1% după reducerea ratei dobânzii	RBA oferă o altă reducere a ratei	Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut
2.6	Germania avertizează Grecia: Nu mai sunt bani fără reforme	Zona euro către Grecia: Nicio salvare fără reforme	Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
3.2	Obama urmează să întâlnească familiile victimelor împușcate	Obama va întâlni victimele împușcate de Batman	Obama to meet families of shooting victims	Obama to meet Batman gun victims
1.0	Obama conduce în fața lui Romney în ciuda datelor despre locurile de muncă: sondaj Reuters / Ipsos	Romney preia conducerea față de Obama cu un „salt” convențional: sondaj Reuters / Ipsos	Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	"Romney takes lead over Obama with convention ""bounce"": Reuters/Ipsos poll"
1.4	Doi morți, 19 răniți în împușcăturile din Toronto	Doi morți, 7 răniți în împușcăturile din Finlanda	Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
3.4	Ceea ce a văzut majordomul Papei - asistent arestat din cauza scurgerilor de informații la Vatican	Majordomul Papei a fost arestat în scandalul asupra scurgerilor de informații de la Vatican	What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
3.8	Protestatarii anti-Putin formează un lanț uman la Moscova	Protestatarii anti-Putin formează un lanț uman	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
2.6	Actele Congresului de la Washington se vând cu 9,8 milioane de dolari	Copia Constituției SUA a lui George Washington se vinde cu 9,8 milioane de dolari	Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
4.4	Lakers îl concediază pe antrenorul Mike Brown după 1-4 de la start	Lakers îl concediază pe Mike Brown după 1-4 de la start	Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
3.4	Musulmanii canadieni emit fatwa împotriva „uciderii pentru onoare”	Imamii americani și canadieni emit fatwa împotriva uciderilor pentru onoare	Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
3.6	ONU adoptă rezoluția Siriei	Adunarea ONU va vota asupra rezoluției Siriei	U.N. to take up Syria resolution	UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
4.4	Soldatul nu-și poate aminti masacrul	Soldatul SUA „nu-și amintește masacrul”	Soldier 'can't recall' massacre	US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’
1.2	Premierul Libiei numește noul cabinet după protestele împotriva celui curent	Adunarea libiană respinge noul cabinet și îl demite pe premier	Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM
3.8	4 soldați străini uciși în estul afgan	4 soldați francezi au fost raportați uciși în Afganistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
2.5	Forțele siriene asaltează orașul central	Forțele siriene bombardează Homs, Rusia avertizează asupra războiului civil	Syrian forces storm central town	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
2.2	Pak: 20 de morți în protestele filmelor anti-islamiste	25 răniți în protestul filmului anti-islam în Islamabad, Pakistan	Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests	25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
1.8	Stabilirea cauzei morții lui Whitney Houston ar putea dura câteva săptămâni	Anchetatorii caută răspunsuri în ceea ce privește moartea lui Whitney Houston	Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
3.6	Coreea de Nord avertizează asupra represaliilor pentru exercițiul din Coreea de Sud	Nordul avertizează cu privire la represalii pentru planul de foraj naval din Seul	N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
1.4	O poveste a două victorii: cum au câștigat gigantii din New York Super Bowl-ul	Cel mai mic dintre două rele triumfă în Super Bowl	A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
3.6	Un mort în noua grevă israeliană în Gaza	Doi uciși în noua grevă israeliană în Gaza: medici	One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
1.0	Este probabil ca Germania să preseze Rusia în criza siriană	Ce gândește Rusia despre Siria? Un scurt ghid	Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
3.6	Patru răniți grav în accidentul de pe autostrada M23	Patru răniți într-un accident de autostradă	Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash
2.0	Șeful ajutorului ONU, Amos, intră în Baba Amr cu Semiluna Roșie	Baba Amr, asediată în Siria, este pustie, spune Crucea Roșie	UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
1.0	Zeci de oameni uciși în revolte nigeriene	Zeci de oameni uciși în ciocnirile din Kenya	Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
1.2	Profilurile principalilor candidați prezidențiali din Egipt	A doua zi ale alegerilor prezidențiale egiptene	Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	Second day of Egyptian presidential election
4.4	Actorul Gazzara mort la 81 de ani	Actorul Ben Gazzara moare la 81 de ani	Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
0.6	Goana britanică după aur reduce la tăcere discuțiile legate de costuri	2 soldați britanici uciși în atacul afgan din interior	British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
4.6	Avalanșa îngroapă cel puțin 100 de soldați pakistanezi	Avalanșa îngroapă peste 100 de soldați pakistanezi	Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
4.6	Ce spun analiștii: inflația scade la minimul ultimelor 15 luni	Inflația scade la minimul ultimelor 15 luni	Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low
3.0	Komen nu va reduce finanțarea Planificării Parentale	Susan G Komen, schimbare la 180 de grade asupra reducerii finanțării pentru programul de Planificare Parentală	Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
2.2	Forex&Gold la 25 august 2012	Forex&Gold la 19 iulie 2012	Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
2.8	Iranul spune că negocierile nucleare ale ONU vor continua	Iranul spune că discuțiile nucleare cu ONU sunt „constructive”	Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
4.2	Afacerile agricole: Boala vacii nebune găsită în California	USDA confirmă cazul bolii vacii nebune în California	Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
3.6	BP vinde câteva active din Golful Mexic cu 5,55 miliarde de dolari	BP vinde active din Golful Mexic către Câmpii pentru 5,55 miliarde de dolari	BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
3.6	Poliția: 300 de potențiale victime ale lui Jimmy Savile	Marea Britanie: apar 300 de potențiale victime ale abuzului Savile	300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police	UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
4.6	Armstrong demisionează din conducerea Livestrong	Armstrong renunță la șefia Livestrong	Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
1.8	Atacul american cu drone ucide 5 militanți în Pakistan	Atacul american cu drone ucide 16 militanți suspectați în Yemen	US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
1.0	Guvernul sirian nu va opri atacurile	Opoziția siriană raportează „masacru”	Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
4.6	Acțiunile chineze se închid la o valoare mai mare vineri la prânz	Acțiunile chineze sunt mai mari vineri la prânz	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
3.2	Myanmar: Opoziția susține că Suu Kyi câștigă	Alegătorii din Myanmar speră că partidul lui Suu Kyi va câștiga	Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
1.0	Ratingul lui Obama în scădere, favorizând rivalii republicani	Marele câștig hispanic al lui Obama îi îngrijorează pe republicani	Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
1.2	Doi soldați Aust răniți în Afganistan	4 soldați străini uciși în estul afgan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
1.0	Noul șef al opoziției siriene dorește ajutor fără alte implicații	Opoziția Siriei se unește în timp ce Israelul trage focuri de avertizare	New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
0.8	Confruntarea din minele din Africa de Sud ucide cel puțin 30	Accidentul de tren din Africa de Sud ucide 26 de persoane	South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	South Africa train crash kills 26
2.6	Forțele siriene bombardează Homs, Rusia avertizează asupra războiului civil	Forțele siriene bombardează Homs, Lavrov ajunge pentru discuții	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
4.2	Rezultatele alegerilor prezidențiale din Egipt amânate	Rezultatul alegerilor egiptene a fost amânat	Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed
1.6	Termenul limită trece fără noi sancțiuni din partea Iranului	UE se apropie de noi sancțiuni pentru Iran	Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
0.8	Criminalul rus arestat neagă legăturile cu Pussy Riot	Zeci arestați în protestul din turnul TV rusesc	Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot	Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
2.8	Memorialul Norvegiei onorează 77 de victime ale masacrului	Norvegia marchează aniversarea masacrului	Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	Norway marks anniversary of massacre
3.8	Generalul american din Afganistan legat de scandalul Petraeus	Generalul senior din SUA legat de scandalul Petraeus	US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
2.0	Acțiunile chineze scad după reducerea RRR - 14 mai	Bursele chineze câștigă luni la prânz	Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
2.8	Coreea face progrese „semnificative” cu reactorul nuclear - AIEA	Coreea de Nord promite să extindă factorul de descurajare nucleară	"NKorea makes ""significant"" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA"	N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
3.4	Președintele Maldivei demisionează după protestele poliției	Președintele Maldive demisionează după săptămâni de protest	Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
0.8	Greva NATO „ucide civili” în Afganistan	Doi soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
1.4	Al-Qaida spune că capturează 70 de soldați yemeniti în bătălia lui Abyan	În confruntările Al Qaeda, exploziile ucid 35 de soldați în Yemen	Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
3.4	Avionul marinei se prăbușește într-o cladire de apartamente din SUA, piloții se salvează prin ejectare	Avionul marinei americane se prăbușește în clădirile de apartamente din Virginia	Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
0.8	Acțiunile din China se deschid la un preț mai mare miercuri	Acțiunile americane se deschid la un preț mai mare în ciuda ratării țintei de PIB	China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
0.0	IDF va implementa Iron Dome în centrul Israelului	Furtună de zăpadă majoră lovește Câmpiile Centrale	IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
3.0	4 uciși în atacul cu drone americane în Pakistan	Atacul cu drone americane ucide 3 persoane în Pakistan	4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
3.4	Un adolescent american a fost reținut în complotul „jihad” cu mașină-bombă din Chicago	Un adolescent din Chicago a fost arestat în complotul cu mașină cu bombă din Chicago	US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
0.2	PC David Rathband: fricile fratelui geamăn pentru „cel mai bun partener”	David Miliband: fratele meu și o întoarcere la vechiul serviciu	PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
4.4	Forțele siriene încep recâștigarea Alepului	Regimul sirian încearcă preluarea orașului Alep	Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
0.0	20 de membri parlamentari, echipa de schimburi comerciale pleacă în India	Secretarul Comerțului va lua concediu	20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
2.0	Wall Street se deschide la valori mai scăzute	Wall Street se termină mixt	Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed
0.8	Acțiunile din Europa cresc pe măsură ce se observă mai multe stimulente din China	Prețurile petrolului cresc în speranța unor stimulente	Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
4.4	Indicele bursier indică un start viitor mai scăzut	Indicele bursier futures semnalează pierderi timpurii	Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses
1.4	Bărbat acuzat după ce parlamentarul a fost rănit în atac	Om acuzat de crimă în apartament	Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat
0.0	Nokia își cere scuze pentru anunțul „fals”	SUA renunță la o serie de reguli pentru a debloca ajutorul Pakistanez	Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	US waives riders for Pak aid
3.0	Atacul american cu drone ucide 5 militanți în Pakistan	Atacul cu drone ucide patru militanți suspecți în Pakistan	US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
4.4	Rebelii sirieni părăsesc pe asediul din Homs	Rebelii sirieni se retrag din districtul asediat Homs	Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
4.0	SUA ordonă personalului neesențial să părăsească Sudanul și Tunisia	SUA ordonă personalului neesențial să părăsească Tunisia și Sudanul	U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
4.6	Starea lui Mubarak din Egipt este critică	Mubarak din Egipt este într-o condiție critică	Egypt's Mubarak critical	Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
3.33333333333333	Assad spune că mercenarii sunt în spatele tulburărilor siriene	Assad acuză SUA că a alimentat revolta siriană	Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
0.0	Premierul Japoniei dizolvă Camera inferioară pentru alegeri	Iranul și puterile mondiale urmează să aibă negocieri pe tema nucleară	Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
2.0	Doi medici uciși în noul atac israelian asupra Gaza	5 mor în actacuri în Gaza, militanții baricadează Israelul	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
3.2	Avioanele marinei s-au prăbușit peste clădirile din Virginia, rănind șase persoane	Avionul marinei s-a prăbușit peste apartamentele din Virginia, 9 răniți	Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
3.2	Un soldat NATO ucis în S. Afganistanului	Soldat britanic ucis în sudul Afganistanului	One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
4.2	Rata șomajului în Spania atinge un nou nivel maxim	Cererile de ajutor de șomaj din Spania au atins un nou maxim	Spain jobless rate hits new high	Spain's jobless claims hit new high
3.6	Turcia lansează de urgență avioane în apropierea frontierei	Turcia trimite avioane către frontiera siriană	Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
0.0	Doi mor în violența din Siria după ce ONU monitorizează aterizarea	Contandor a primit 2 ani suspendare pentru dopaj	Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	Two year doping ban for Contador
1.0	Civil, dezertor ucis în Siria, spune ONG-ul	Pușcași sirieni ucid trei ofițeri sirieni: ONG	Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
1.2	Taiwan zguduit de un cutremur puternic	China zguduită de cutremure gemene	Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes
2.8	Paul Tucker de la Banca Angliei este afectat de încurcătura Libor	Adjunctul Băncii Angliei neagă ordonarea alterării ratelor	Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess	Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
4.4	Crucea Roșie îndeamnă la negocierea întreruperii luptelor din Siria pentru a oferi ajutor	Crucea Roșie negociază cu Siria să înceteze focul pentru a aduce ajutor	Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
0.8	Forțele siriene împușcă civili în autobuz	Forțele siriene și rebelii se ciocnesc lângă Turcia	Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
4.4	Parlamentul german susține în majoritate acordul de salvare al Greciei	Parlamentul german aprobă salvarea grecească	German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	German parliament endorses Greek bailout
3.4	Bombardamentele și confruntările continuă în Siria	Bombardamente și confruntări în timp ce opoziția Siriei se înarmează	Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
2.4	Reformele Birmaniei aduc relaxarea sancțiunilor SUA	Activiștii din Birmania susțin reducerea sancțiunilor	Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
0.2	Usain Bolt câștigă 200 de metri - reacția lui Steven Howard	Câștigurile Facebook de pe mobil duc la creșterea veniturilor: reacție	Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
0.4	Zeci de morți în urma atacului taliban asupra stațiunii	„Poliția din India identifică 3 iranieni în atacul asupra ambasadei”	Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
3.8	Lupte grele cutremură estul Siriei înainte de sondaj	Lupte grele cutremură estul Siriei - rezidenți	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
2.8	Yuanul Chinei se depreciază la 6,3282 față de USD luni	Yuanul Chinei se depreciază la 6.2697 față de USD joi	China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
1.4	7 morți în împușcături dintr-o școală creștină	5 răniți în împușcăturile școlii din Ohio	7 dead in Christian school shooting	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
3.2	Echipa antiteroristă din Indonezia ucide doi militanți suspectați	Poliția din Indonezia împușcă mortal militanți suspectați în Bali	Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
4.0	Alegeri americane: Mitt Romney recunoaște înfrângerea în timp ce Barack Obama câștigă al doilea mandat	Romney admite alegerea lui Obama prin apel telefonic	US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
3.2	Armenii votează la alegerile parlamentare	Parlamentul Armeniei votează un test pentru președinte	Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
1.6	Sachin Tendulkar este învestit ca senator indian	Deputatul Sachin Tendulkar spune nu bungalowului guvernamental	Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
3.6	Navy Jet se prăbușește în clădirea de apartamente	Avionul marinei americane se prăbușește în clădirile de apartamente din Virginia	Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
1.5	Romney câștigă în majoritate primăria din Puerto Rico	Romney câștigă primăria din Illinois	Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary
4.2	Raport: Yahoo! urmează a-l numi pe Mayer de la Google ca CEO	Yahoo îl numește pe executivul de la Google Mayer ca CEO	Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
2.0	Soldat american acuzat de masacrul afgan angajează un avocat criminal proeminent	Soldat american acuzat de uciderea civililor afgani a fost identificat	US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
1.6	Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,0 a lovit nordul Italiei: USGS	Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 5,9 a lovit strâmtoarea Sunda, Indonezia: USGS	6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
4.4	Guvernul SUA desemnează oficial rețeaua Haqqani drept teroristă	SUA desemnează rețeaua Haqqani drept teroristă	US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
3.0	Motor Racing: Button cel mai rapid în prima practică de F1 din anul curent	Button se mândrește cu cel mai bun timp obținut după primul antrenament	Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice
4.8	Rangers au fost votați în Divizia Trei	Rangers au fost votați în a treia divizie	Rangers voted into Division Three	Rangers voted into third division
4.2	Primarul Newark salvează un vecin din incendiu	Primarul din Newark îl salvează pe vecin din casa incendiată	Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
2.25	Proteste F1 în Bahrain	O zi de furie în Bahrain	F1 protests in Bahrain	A day of rage in Bahrain
3.0	Bursa din New York se va redeschide miercuri	DealBook: Bursele se pregătesc pentru deschidere	New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
2.6	Focul de mortare din Homs ucide 105	Ofensiva lui Homs ucide 200	Homs mortar fire kills 105	Homs offensive kills 200
2.0	Sute aduc omagiu studentului ucis în atacul din Ohio	Înmormântare stabilită pentru victima împușcată din Ohio	Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
3.0	Bombele din sudul Thailandei ucid 5, rănesc 50	Bombele ucid 14, rănesc 340 în Tailanda	Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
0.2	Legislatorii americani fac următorul pas cu privire la noile sancțiuni impuse Iranului	Legislatorii din Somalia vor vota pentru noul președinte	US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
0.4	Barack Obama recunoaște că SUA are „mai multe arme nucleare decât are nevoie”	Un pușcaș francez vrea să „moară cu armele în mâini”	Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
1.8	2 rachete au lovit în regiunea Eshkol; fără răniți	10 rachete în 20 de minute în Consiliul Regional Eshkol	2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries	10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
0.6	Muncitorii cu dizabilități „trădați” protestează împotriva închiderilor Remploy	Ziua de mai, marcată de proteste împotriva reducerilor de austeritate	Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
4.0	Rebelii din RD Congo ucid pădurarii din parcuri	Rebelii ucid doi pădurari în Congoul de est	DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
0.8	Nouă trupe pakistaneze ucise într-o ambuscadă militantă	Comerț: Pakistanul și India sunt de acord să facă un pas înainte	Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
3.2	74 de morți în violența meciului de fotbal din Egipt	Cel puțin 73 mor în invazia de pe teren in timpul meciului de fotbal din Egipt	74 dead in Egypt soccer violence	At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
0.2	Agitația din Nigeria se soldează cel puțin 95 de morți	Cutremurele din sud-vestul Chinei ucid cel puțin 50	Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
3.0	Uraganul Sandy ajunge în sud-estul Jamaicii: NHC	Uraganul Sandy ajunge în Jamaica	Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
1.5	Comentarii cu primul ministru Elkeib după întâlnirea lor	Comentarii cu ministrul de externe Koichiro Gemba	Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
1.2	Barrick discută cu firma chineză asupra activelor africane	Asistentul lui Obama poartă discuții în China după vetoul Siriei	Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
3.0	Atacatorii din mall au folosit strategia „mai puțin este mai mult”	În Kenya, atacatorii au folosit strategia „mai puțin este mai mult”	Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
3.8	Câștigurile slabe trag în jos valoare acțiunilor	Câștigurile slabe trag în jos valoare acțiunilor pe Wall Street	Weak earnings drag stocks lower	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
3.2	Un cutremur de 6.8 a lovit insulele Solomon	Cutremurul cu magnitudinea 6.3 a lovit insulele Solomon: USGS	6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands	Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS
4.6	Scurgerea de amoniac lichid ucide 15 în Shanghai	Scurgerea de amoniac lichid ucide cel puțin 15 în Shanghai	Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
4.0	Prietenii Siriei recunosc coaliția opoziției ca reprezentant legitim al poporului sirian	SUA, Prietenii Siriei recunosc opoziția ca reprezentant unic	Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people	U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative
3.0	Weiner rămâne în cursa pentru primărie din New York, pe fondul unui nou scandal sexual	Weiner denunță recentul scandal sexual online	Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal	Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
0.0	Numărul morților crește în cazul accidentului aerian din Rusia	Numărul morților crește la 39 în cazul accidentului de autocar din Italia	Death toll rises in Russia plane crash	Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
2.8	Mass-media indiană: Summit-ul Commonwealth-ului	Primul ministru indian împiedică summit-ul Commonwealth-ului	Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
5.0	Șeful poliției militare siriene trece de partea opoziției	Șeful poliției militare siriene trece de partea rebelilor	Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Syria military police chief defects to rebels
4.6	Boeing 787 Dreamliner ia foc; acțiunile primesc o lovitură	Acțiunile Boeing se prăbușesc după incendiul din 787 Dreamliner	Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating	Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
2.6	Yvette Cooper susține legea căsătoriei homosexuale	Casa Albă susține căsătoria homosexuală	Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill	White House backs gay marriage
3.8	Cinci morți în accidentul autocarului belgian	Adolescenți printre cei 5 morți într-un accident de autobuz belgian	Five killed in Belgian coach crash	Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
3.4	Oameni înarmați răpesc șapte muncitori străini în Nigeria	Șapte muncitori străini răpiți în Nigeria	Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria	Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
5.0	Turistă elvețiană „violată în grup” în India	Turistă elvețiană violată în grup în India, spune poliția	Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India	Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police
4.2	Palestinienii se confruntă cu forțele israeliene din West Bank, Ierusalim	Palestinienii se ciocnesc cu forțele de securitate din W. Bank	Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem	Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank
4.6	Avioanele Israelului lovesc în interiorul Siriei	Israelul lansează un atac aerian în Siria	Israel planes strike inside Syria	Israel launches airstrike into Syria
0.4	Iranienii votează la alegerile prezidențiale	Keita câștigă alegerile prezidențiale din Mali	Iranians Vote in Presidential Election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
2.8	100 de morți în noi ciocniri tribale în Darfur	„9 morți” în noi confruntări tribale în Darfur	100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes	9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
1.4	Protestul împotriva atacurilor americane cu drone din Pak a fost amânat	6 morți în greva americană a dronelor în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed	6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
3.2	12 morți într-un accident de autobuz în Pakistan	10 morți într-un accident rutier în nord-vestul Pakistanului	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan
5.0	Carney stabilește standarde înalte pentru a schimba BoE	Carney stabilește standarde înalte pentru schimbările din Banca Angliei	Carney sets high bar to change at BoE	Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
2.4	8 arestați după prăbușirea mortală a clădirii din Bangladesh	Patru arestați, în timp ce numărul victimelor construcției din Bangladesh se ridică la 352	8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
2.8	Un sinucigaș cu bombă ucide 3 persoane în baza SUA din Afganistan	Atacatorii sinucigași cu bombă atacă baza SUA din Afganistan	Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan	Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan
0.6	Afganii merg la universitați, chiar și în timp ce talibanii se apropie	Un guvernator de district afgan trece de partea talibanilor	Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom	Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
5.0	Coreea de Nord amână reuniunile familiale cu sudul	Coreea de Nord „amână” uniunile familiale cu Coreea de Sud	North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South	North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea
0.6	Ținta pentru veniturile Apple este ratată din nou, iPhone dezamăgește	Agentia de comerț americană decide în favoarea Samsung, interzice importurile de iPhone 4	Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints	U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports
3.4	Oamenii înarmați ucid 10 turiști străini în nordul Pakistanului	Omul înarmat ucide 11 alpiniști străini în Pakistan	Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
4.4	David Beckham își anunță retragerea din fotbal	David Beckham se retrage din fotbal	David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham retires from football
4.0	Matt Smith va părăsi Doctor Who după 4 ani	Matt Smith pleacă de la Doctor Who al BBC-ului	Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years	Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who
0.0	Păreri împărțite ale generațiilor asupra căsătoriei homosexuale	Summitul G20 se încheie împărțit în ceea ce privește Siria	Generations divided over gay marriage	G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
1.6	23 de morți în atentatele cu bombe din Irak	10 morți în atacul cu bombă din Irak	23 killed in Iraq car bombings	10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
5.0	Omul care s-a incendiat pe National Mall a murit din cauza rănilor	Omul „care s-a incendiat” pe National Mall moare	Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries	Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
1.4	Atacurile talibanilor ucid 17 civili în Afganistan	O serie de atacuri ucid 10 polițiști în Afganistan	Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan	Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
1.6	Ministrul Egiptului supraviețuiește tentativei de asasinat	Premierul sirian „supraviețuiește tentativei de asasinat”	Egypt minister survives assassination attempt	Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
4.6	Ex-prima doamnă Barbara Bush părăsește spitalul din Texas	Fosta primă doamnă Barbara Bush părăsește spitalul	Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital	Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
4.0	Schumacher în comă după un accident de schi	Michael Schumacher încă în comă luptându-se pentru viața sa după un accident de schi	Schumacher in a coma after ski accident	Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
5.0	11 morți în atacul secției de poliție chineze	Unsprezece uciși în atacul secției de poliție din China	11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven killed in China police station attack
4.0	Bradley Cooper și JJ Abrams vorbesc despre filmarea unui film biografic al lui Lance Armstrong	Bradley Cooper în discuții pentru a-l interpreta pe Lance Armstrong în biografie	Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic	Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
3.8	Un avion Boeing s-a prăbușit în Rusia, 50 de morți	Un avion Boeing s-a prăbușit în orașul rus Kazan, 50 de morți	Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed	Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed
4.4	Miniștrii UE sunt „hotărâți” să rezolve scandalul cărnii de cal	Miniștrii UE poartă discuții de criză în legătură cu scandalul cărnii de cal	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
4.8	Partidul de opoziție thailandez va boicota alegerile generale	Opoziția thailandeză anunță boicotarea alegerilor	Thai opposition party to boycott general election	Thai opposition announces election boycott
2.6	Prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh aduce numărul morților la 540: armata	Numărul morților în urma prăbușirii clădirii din Bangladesh depășește 1000	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
4.2	Jagan Reddy s-a mutat la spital, criza de putere continuă în Seemandhra	Telangana: Jagan va petrece joia în spital; criza continuă în Seemandhra	Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra	Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
2.6	Președintele Republicii Centrafricane răsturnat de rebeli	Președinte al Republicii Centrafricane și prim-ministrul demisionează	Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels	Central African Republic President, PM stepping down
5.0	Brazilia a egalat cu 2-2 de Anglia, Maracana se redeschide	Brazilia ținută de Anglia cu 2-2 la redeschiderea Maracana	Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens	Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
3.8	Incendii necontrolate în California: 1.900 de apeluri telefonice, în timp ce pompierii lucrează pentru a limita daunele (+ video)	Incendiile necontrolate din California se amplifică, dar oficialii spun că echipajele de pompieri fac progrese	California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)	California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
3.0	George W. Bush avertizează împotriva dezbaterii amare pe tema imigrației	George W. Bush își dă cu părerea asupra dezbaterii pe tema imigrației	George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate	George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
3.4	Mandela spitalizat, răspunde la tratament	Mandela spitalizat după ce a încetat să mai vorbească	Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment	Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
1.2	Rusia condamnă testul nuclear nord-coreean	Coreea de Sud confirmă faptul că Coreea de Nord a efectuat al treilea test nuclear controversat	Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test	South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
4.4	Sute de muncitori ai fabricii de haine din Bangladesh sunt bolnavi	Sute se îmbolnăvesc în fabrica din Bangladesh	Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
2.0	Bombardamentul sinucigaș din Yemen ucide soldați	Femeie cu bombă sinucigașă ucide 16 persoane în baza rusă	Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
2.8	18 captivi în explozia din mina de cărbune din Rusia	Zece uciși în explozia din mina de cărbune din Rusia	18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast	Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
4.6	Protestatarii thailandezi intră în cartierul general al armatei	Protestatarii thailandezi au asaltat cartierul general al armatei	Thai protesters break into army headquarters	Thai protesters storm army headquarters
4.4	Israelul opereză un atac aerian asupra Siriei	Israelul lansează un nou atac aerian împotriva Siriei	Israel conducts airstrike on Syria	Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
2.2	Poliția trage gaze lacrimogene pentru a dispersa protestatarii din Tunis	Poliția trage gaze lacrimogene asupra protestatarilor din Cairo	Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
3.8	Principala opoziție a Egiptului respinge apelul președintelui la dialog	Opoziția din Egipt își reconsideră răspunsul la apelul pentru dialog din partea lui Morsi	Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue	Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
1.4	Tokyo va găzdui Jocurile Olimpice din 2020	Luptele vor participa ca probă la Jocurile Olimpice din Tokyo 2020	Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
4.6	Prețul locuințelor crește cu 6,8% în luna mai	În mai locuințele se scumpesc cu 6,8%	Housing starts up 6.8% in May	May Housing Starts Up 6.8%
5.0	Castro președinte al Cubei își asumă președinția CELAC	Castro președinte al Cubei va prelua președinția CELAC	&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency	Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
0.2	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 6,9 a lovit Noua Zeelandă	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 5,6 zguduie Iranul	6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand	5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
3.0	Zeci de persoane sunt presupuse prinse în prăbușirea clădirii din India	Salvatorii depun eforturi pentru a găsi 20 încă prinși în prăbușirea clădirii din India	Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse	Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
1.2	Daily Press Briefing: Sudanul de Sud	Daily Press Briefing: Siria	Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan	Daily Press Briefing: Syria
3.2	Islamiștii atacă nordul orașului Mali după atentate sinucigașe	Islamiștii atacă trupele maliene în Gao	Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings	Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
2.2	Marea Britanie pregătită să deporteze pe Abu Qatada	Marea Britanie nu reușește deportarea clericului radical Abu Qatada	Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada	Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
0.8	Parlamentul francez susține reforma legii privind prostituția	Parlamentul rus va lua în considerare interzicerea adoptărilor din SUA	French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution	Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
2.6	Împușcături, explozii auzite în timp ce thailandezii continuă să protesteze în Bangkok	Împușcături, explozii zguduie ziua protestelor thailandeze înainte de alegeri	Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok	Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls
1.6	Armata israeliană se concentrează pe granița de nord	Armata Egiptului preia controlul asupra Frăției Musulmane	Israeli military focuses on northern border	Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters
1.0	Coreea de Nord blochează accesul lui Kaesong	Coreea de Nord promite să repornească instalațiile nucleare	North Korea blocks Kaesong access	North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
0.4	Manning a fost condamnat la 35 de ani de închisoare	Ariel Castro a fost condamnat la 1.000 de ani de închisoare	Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison	Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
3.4	Senatul SUA aprobă acordul în urma prăpastiei fiscale	Este oficial: acord încheiat înurma „prăpastiei fiscale”	US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal	"It's official: Deal reached on ""fiscal cliff"""
5.0	Zimmerman oprit pentru viteză în Texas, eliberat cu avertisment	Zimmerman oprit în Texas pentru depășirea vitezei, primește un avertisment	Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning	Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning
1.4	Iranianul Rouhani avertizează asupra talibanizării în Siria	Rusia și China sunt îngrijorate de atacurile aeriene israeliene din Siria	Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria	Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
0.0	Siria neagă rapoartele despre atacul mortal cu gaze din Damasc	Aliații americani primesc ajutor pentru a respinge atacurile cibernetice iraniene	Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack	US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
3.4	Acțiunile chineze cresc în urma întâlnirii economice	Acțiunile chineze închid în creștere miercuri	China stocks close higher after economic meeting	China stocks close higher on Wednesday
3.4	Rusia dezvăluie legătura petrolieră de 30 de miliarde de dolari către Pacific	Rusia dezvăluie legătura petrolieră de 25 mld. dolari către Pacific	Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific	Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific
2.0	Polițiștii ucid omul înarmat, găsesc încă 3 morți în casa din Colo	4 morți după ce poliția s-a confruntat cu un armat baricadat într-o casă din SUA	Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home	4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
3.0	Dolce și Gabbana condamnați pentru evaziune fiscală	Dolce și Gabbana amendați în cazul fiscal italian	Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
3.8	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 7,2 a lovit Pakistanul: CENC	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 7,7 a lovit sud-vestul Pakistanului	7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
4.4	Un asteroid zboară între Pământ și sateliți	Asteroidul trece aproape de Pământ în zbor	Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites	Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
2.0	Lupta pentru orașul Mali reflectă tactica islamistă	UE va pregăti armata Mali pentru a lupta împotriva militanților islamiști din nord	Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics	EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
0.0	Doi urmăritori ai lui Moș Crăciun se întrec în acest Crăciun	Spania întoarce ceasul înapoi la sieste	Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas	Spain turning back the clock on siestas
2.6	Nave se antrenează pentru transportul armelor chimice siriene	Siria încarcă arme chimice în bombe, în așteptarea ordinului lui Assad	Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order
2.2	2 morți, 11 răniți în atacurile din Irak	15 morți, 90 răniți în atacuri noi în Irak	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
1.0	Poate SUA să aibă încredere în Siria că va preda arme chimice?	SUA spune că Siria ar fi folosit gazul sarin în armele chimice	Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?	US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
3.4	Cântăreața mexicană Jenni Rivera presupusă decedată într-un accident de avion	Jenni Rivera, vedetă de muzică mexicană, moare într-un accident de avion	Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash	Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash
1.8	Un tribunal din Bangladesh îl condamnă la moarte pe primul parlamentar pentru crime de război	Premierul britanic acuză Sri Lanka de crime de război	Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes	British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
4.0	Mugabe declarat câștigător al alegerilor disputate	Zimbabwe: Mugabe declarat câștigător în votul disputat	Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
3.6	Numărul morților urcă la 15 în scufundarea bărcii din Indonezia	Indonezia: Numărul morților crește la 11 în răsturnarea bărcii din Indonezia	Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking	Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
3.8	Curtea egipteană interzice Frăția Musulmană	Curtea Egiptului interzice „activitățile” Frăției Musulmane	Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood	Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
4.2	Rouhani conduce în votul prezidențial al Iranului - rezultate preliminare	Rouhani conduce în numărătoarea inițială a voturilor din Iran	Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results	Rouhani leads in initial Iran count
0.6	Poliția a atacat în protestele cu pavilion din Belfast	Politicieni în discuții despre violența pavilionului	Police attacked in Belfast flag protests	Politicians in flag violence talks
1.0	S. Korea propune o „finală” discuție a lui N. Korea despre Kaesong	Coreea de Nord propune discuții la nivel înalt cu SUA	S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong	North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
1.8	Victima violului în grup din India „luptă împotriva șanselor”	Victima unui viol din India moare într-un spital din Singapore	"India gang-rape victim ""struggling against the odds"""	Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
2.8	Atacatorii ucid 9 turiști străini, 1 pakistanez	Atacatorii ucid 11 turiști străini în Pakistan	Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
3.2	Declarația purtătorului de cuvânt al Înaltului Reprezentant, Catherine Ashton, despre ultimul val de atacuri din Irak	Declarația purtătorului de cuvânt al Înaltului Reprezentant al UE, Catherine Ashton, privind reluarea execuțiilor în Irak	Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq	Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq
3.0	Egiptul sporește securitatea înainte de protestele pro-Morsi	Egiptul se pregătește pentru proteste masive	Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests	Egypt bracing for massive protests
2.0	Yacimovich cere cabinetului să aprobe eliberarea prizonierilor palestinieni	Israelul este de acord să elibereze 104 prizonieri palestinieni	Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners
0.4	Palestinienii construiesc o altă tabără de proteste în Cisiordania	Palestinienii votează pentru prima oară în ONU, un moment simbolic, însă istoric	Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest	Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
3.6	Numărul de morți în urma prăbușirii clădirii din Bangladesh atinge 362	Numărul de morți în urma prăbușirii clădirii din Bangladesh atinge 580	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362	Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
2.5	Trimisii israelieni au fost convocați asupra planurilor de așezare	Marea Britanie îl cheamă pe trimisul israelian legat de unele acorduri	Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans	Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
5.0	2 morți, 2 răniți în împușcăturile din liceul din Nevada	Nevada: 2 morți, 2 răniți în împușcăturile din liceu	2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
4.2	Interzicerea școlilor de sex mixt de către Hamas intră în vigoare	Hamas interzice școala de sex mixt	Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'
0.4	Om arestat după ce un ofițer de poliție a fost împușcat în Leeds	Panoul marin solicită demiterea ofițerului care s-a prefăcut mort	Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds	Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
0.6	Premierul ucrainean demisionează pe fondul protestelor	Prim-ministrul turc semnalează revenirea pe linia dură contra protestatarilor	Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
2.2	Obama se concentrează asupra economiei în Starea Uniunii	Factbox: Ce trebuie să știți în discursul lui Obama despre Starea Uniunii	Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union	Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech
1.0	Google lansează baloane care permit accesul la internet	Google „joacă un joc fiscal internațional”	Google launches internet-beaming balloons	Google 'are playing international tax game'
4.8	Irak sprijină Egiptul în represiunea suporterilor lui Morsi	Irak sprijină Egiptul în represiunea suporterilor lui Modhamed Morsi	Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters	Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters
3.8	Rusia își dă OK-ul inițial în interdicția adopțiilor de către americani	Rusia își dă acordul inițial în interdicția adopțiilor de către americani	Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban	Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
2.8	Cinci condamnați în cazul traficului de organe din Kosovo	Kosovo: 3 primesc închisoare în cazul traficului de organe	Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case	Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
4.4	Hrithik Roshan, soția Sussanne se despart	Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne divorțează	Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways	Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce
5.0	Atacatorul printre cei 7 morți după împușcăturile din apartamentul din Florida	Atacatorul printre cei 7 morți după schimbul de focuri din apartamentul din Florida	Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting	Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
1.0	Obama laudă progresele în ceea ce privește drepturile homosexualilor în discursul inaugural	Mii de oameni protestează împotriva căsătoriei homosexuale în Franța	Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address	Thousands protest gay marriage in France
2.2	Valul de bombardamente ucide 15 în Irak	Bombele auto ucid cel puțin 49 de persoane în Irak	Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq	Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq
4.6	Într-o mișcare șocantă, Obama pune în așteptare atacul împotriva Siriei	Obama pune în așteptare atacul împotriva Siriei	In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold	Obama puts Syria strike on hold
1.8	Israelul lovește Siria în timp ce tensiunile cresc asupra armelor	Atacurile aeriene rănesc civili în Deraa din Siria	Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons	Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa
2.6	Oamenii înarmați ucid nouă persoane în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Militanții ucid 6 soldați în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
1.2	Prabușirea avionului din San Francisco pe scurt	Doi morți, 181 răniți în accidentul aerian din San Francisco	The San Francisco plane crash at a glance	Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
2.2	8 arestați după prăbușirea clădirii Bangladesh	Muncitorii protestează după prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh	8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
0.0	Pasageri de croazieră de Crăciun loviți de Norovirus	Pasager de croazieră dispărut într-o ambuscadă NSW	X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus	Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
3.5	Revendicare asupra decesului Dianei - noi informații care au fost transmise poliției cu privire la decesele Prințesei Diana și Dodi Fayed includ o acuzație cum că ar fi fost uciși	Informație nouă despre moartea Diana și Fayed - decesele prințesei Diana și Dodi Al Fayed sunt examinate din nou de polițiști după ce au primit noi informații.	Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered	Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
1.4	Snowden cere să rămână în Rusia	Snowden lansează primul videoclip din Rusia	Snowden asks to stay in Russia	Snowden releases first Russia video
2.2	Acțiunile chineze se închid miercuri	Acțiunile chineze se închid vineri în creștere	Chinese shares close lower Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher Friday
3.4	O afecțiune de stomac îl face pe Nadal, aflat în dificultate, să rateze Open-ul Australian	Rafa Nadal va lipsi de la Open-ul Australian	Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open	Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
4.8	Narendra Modi promite o poziție dură împotriva Pakistanului	Modi din India promite o poziție dură împotriva Pakistanului	Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan	India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
3.4	Curtea egipteană are în vedere eliberarea lui Mubarak	Curtea din Egipt dispune eliberarea lui Mubarak	Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
5.0	Cercetașii întârzie decizia de admitere a homosexualilor	Cercetașii Americani întârzie votul cu privire la ridicarea interdicției pentru homosexuali	Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays	Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
1.4	2 bombe auto ucid 8 în sudul Irakului	Bombardamentele auto au ucis 14 persoane în nordul Irakului	2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq	Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
4.0	Van der Sloot se va căsători în închisoare	Joran Van Der Sloots intenționează să se căsătorească în închisoarea din Peru	Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison	Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
3.0	Acțiunile din Tokyo închid în scădere cu 0,26 puncte	Bursa din Tokyo închide în scădere cu 1,53%	Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc	Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%
2.2	Indicii bursieri din China închid în creștere - 4 decembrie	Indicii bursieri din China închid în scădere - 24 ianuarie	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
2.8	Imagini ale zilei: 7 august 2013	Imagini ale zilei: 11 aprilie 2013	Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013
2.8	Palestinienii „loviți” de foc israelian în Gaza	Doi palestinieni uciși într-un atac aerian israelian în Gaza	Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza	Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
4.6	Jesse Jackson Jr. și soția vor pleda vinovați de fraudă	Jesse Jackson Jr., soția pledează vinovați de fraudă	Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud
4.4	SUA îi expulzează pe diplomați venezueleni în masă	SUA îi expulzează pe diplomații venezueleni	USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row	U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats
3.4	Veteranul BBC Hall admite abuzuri sexuale asupra copiilor	Stuart Hall admite agresiuni sexuale asupra copiilor	BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse	Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
0.6	7 morți, 3 răniți în accidentul rutier din sudul Chinei	20 de morți, 44 de răniți în accidentul rutier din Filipine	7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident	20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident
3.4	Ryanair raportează profituri record, dar avertizează că probabil creșterea va încetini anul acesta	Stansted: Ryanair raportează o creștere de 13% a profiturilor anuale, dar avertizează cu privire la o creștere mai lentă în acest an	Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year	Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
3.0	Acțiuni de urmărit la închiderea de luni	Acțiuni de urmărit la închiderea de joi	Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
4.0	A 50-ea aniversare a decesului lui JFK rememorată	La 50 de ani de la moartea lui JFK, Dallas ține primul său memorial	50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered	On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial
1.2	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 6,3 a lovit Taiwanul	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 7,7 a lovit sud-vestul Pakistanului	6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
0.8	Cărți pentru a ajuta copiii să vorbească despre știrile Boston Marathon	Raportul a două explozii la linia de sosire a maratonului Boston	Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
2.6	Sectorul tehnic se încălzește: Google și IBM postează câștiguri puternice	Acțiunile Google cresc peste 1.000 de dolari pe baza câștigurilor puternice	Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings	Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings
1.0	Profilurile candidaților la președinție din Kenya	Jurnalistul italian a fost ales ca candidat la președinție	Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates	Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
3.4	Israelul eliberează prizonierii palestinieni	Comitetul guvernamental aprobă eliberarea a 26 de prizonieri palestinieni	Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
4.0	Clădirea Philadelphia se prăbușește, 8-10 persoane ar putea fi prinse	Clădirea Philadelphia se prăbușește; rapoarte despre persoane prinse	Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped	Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped
3.0	Obama se întâlnește cu familia Mandela	Obama se întâlnește cu Zuma și îi aduce omagiu lui Mandela	Obama meets with Mandela family	Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
3.4	Senatul SUA declanșează dezbaterea privind controlul armelor	Senatul SUA urmează să voteze proiectul de lege privind controlul armelor	U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate	U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
1.4	Bombardamentele auto au ucis 53 de persoane în Damasc	Bombardamentele auto au ucis 13 civili în capitala irakiană	Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
2.6	„Prietenii Siriei” din Doha discută despre înarmarea rebelilor	Siria este de acord cu ajutorul militar acordat rebelilor	Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels	Syria talks agree military aid to rebels
2.0	Siria condamnă atacurile aeriene israeliene.	O serie de atacuri mortale lovește Irakul	Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.	Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
5.0	Liderul Egiptului impune starea de urgență în 3 orașe	Președintele Egiptului declară starea de urgență în trei orașe	Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
2.8	Protestatarii ABVP se confruntă cu poliția la Jantar Mantar, aruncă pietre	Protestatarii se confruntă cu poliția la Jantar Mantar, 5 persoane reținute	ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones	Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained
2.8	Premierul turc îndeamnă să pună capăt protestelor din Istanbul	Poliția turcă trage cu gaze lacrimogene asupra protestatarilor din Istanbul	Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul	Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
1.8	Doi bărbați acuzați de terorism	Nigerian născut în Arabia Saudită acuzat de terorism la New York	Two men charged with terrorism offences	Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
3.6	UE primește Premiul Nobel pentru Pace	UE primește Premiul Nobel pentru Pace 2012	EU receives Nobel Peace Prize	EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
2.6	Începutul festivalului de curse de tauri San Fermin a fost amânat pentru scurt timp din cauza obstrucționării vederii de către un steag basc	Începe festivalul de curse de tauri San Fermin	Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag	San Fermin bull-running festival starts
2.8	Cel puțin 21 de oameni, majoritatea străini, au fost uciși în atacul sinucigaș din Kabul	Un britanic mort în atacul sinucigaș din Kabul	Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack	Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
0.0	Fost ofițer LAPD căutat în uciderile din Irvine	Fost ofițer CIA condamnat la 30 de luni de închisoare pentru scurgeri de informații	Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings	Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
0.8	Acțiunile de la Tokyo închid cu aproape în scădere cu 0.88%	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în scădere cu 0,44%	Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
0.6	Instanța pakistaneză cere răspunsuri în cazul revoltei „blasfemiei”	Raportul Pakistan-ONU relevă niveluri alarmante de consum de droguri	Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers	Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
3.8	McAfee (al Intel) cumpără Stonesoft pentru 389 milioane de dolari in numerar, companie specializată în firewall-uri în cloud	McAfee va achiziționa firewall-ul Stonesoft pentru 389 milioane de dolari	Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash	McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million
1.0	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 4.1 lovește SUA	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 7,2 lovește Filipine	4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S	7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
3.6	Liderul opoziției din Bangladesh condamnat la moarte pentru crime de război	Bangladesh: Fugar condamnat la moarte de Tribunalul pentru crime de război	Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes	Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
4.2	Presupusul ucigaș de polițisti a murit în urma unei împușcături în cap	Presupusul ucigaș de polițisti a murit în urma unei împușcături	Alleged cop killer died from shot to head	Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
4.8	Explozia unei mașini capcană la consulatul suedez din Benghazi, Libia, fără victime	Explozia unei mașini capcană lovește consulatul suedez din Benghazi, niciun rănit	Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
3.0	Musharraf a fost arestat în cazul Lal Masjid	Musharraf arestat în Pakistan	Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case	Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
4.4	Iranul speră că discuțiile nucleare vor genera un „plan de urmat”	Discuțiile nucleare ale Iranului în Geneva produc mari așteptări	Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'	Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
2.8	Oficial: 35 de militanți uciși în raidurile afgane	Minister: 12 militanți uciși în raidurile afgane	35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official	12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
4.0	Coreea de Nord se pare că testeză rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	Coreea de Nord lansează rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles
2.8	Protestatarii thailandezi împiedică votul; 1 mort în violențe	Protestatarii thailandezi blochează secțiile de votare din Bangkok	Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence	Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
1.8	Hugo Chavez al Venezuelei moare de cancer	Hugo Chavez: oficiali venezueleni pentru unitate	Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
2.2	Al treilea test nuclear al Coreei de Nord o apropie de statutul de putere nucleară	NATO spune că testele nucleare din Coreea de Nord reprezintă o amenințare gravă la adresa păcii mondiale	North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status	NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
4.6	Coreea de Nord efectuează al treilea test nuclear	Coreea de Nord confirmă al treilea test nuclear	North Korea conducts third nuclear test	North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
3.6	Bursa indiană se deschide la aceeași valoare	Bursa indiană se deschide în scădere	Indian stocks open flat	Indian stocks open lower
5.0	Veniturile din jocurile de noroc din Macao au înregistrat un record de 38 de miliarde de dolari în 2012	Veniturile din jocurile de noroc din Macau au atins un record de 38 miliarde de dolari în 2012	Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012	Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012
3.8	Israelienii și palestinienii reiau discuțiile în SUA	Israelienii și palestinienii încep discuțiile	Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US	Israelis, Palestinians begin talks
2.4	Comemorarea lui Nelson Mandela	Transmisiune în direct: Nelson Mandela a murit	Nelson Mandela memorial service	Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage
3.8	Comitat din NM se pregătește pentru audieri în cazul căsătoriilor între persoane de același sex	Unii oficiali județeni deschid calea căsătoriei între persoane de același sex	NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing	Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
4.0	Patru membri ai echipajului elicopterului Forțelor Aeriene SUA au murit într-un accident în Marea Britanie	Echipajul elicopterului Forțelor Aeriene SUA a murit într-un accident în Marea Britanie	Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash	US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
4.2	Tokyo va găzdui Jocurile Olimpice din 2020	Tokyo câștigă cursa pentru a găzdui Jocurile Olimpice din 2020	Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
4.0	Malaezia îl reține pe aeroport pe senatorul australian	Malaezia îl arestează pe parlamentarul australian pe aeroport	Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport	Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport
2.2	Coreea de Sud declară că Nordul a lansat rachete	Coreea de Nord lansează rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	South Korea Says North Fired Missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles
3.0	Marea Britanie închide fabricile în timp ce scandalul cărnii de cal ajunge în Franța	Miniștrii UE sunt „hotărâți” să rezolve scandalul cărnii de cal	Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
3.2	SUA avertizează Siria asupra armelor chimice	Îngrijorările SUA cu privire la armele chimice ale Siriei cresc	US warns Syria on chemical weapons	U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
1.2	37 de morți în accidentul de autobuz din Italia	12 morți într-un accident de autobuz în Pakistan	37 killed in bus crash in Italy	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
3.0	Yuanul chinezesc se consolidează la 6.2689 față de USD	Yuanul chinezesc slăbește la 6.2816 față de USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
2.0	SUA recunoaște opoziția siriană	Rusia invită opoziția siriană la discuții	U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition	Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
4.8	Egiptul votează în noua constituție	Egiptenii votează asupra noii constituții	Egypt votes in new constitution	Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
4.4	Legenda lui Preston și a Angliei, Tom Finney, moare la 91 de ani	Fostul mare britanic Tom Finney a murit la 91 de ani	Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91	Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
3.0	Mașină capcană ucide un om și rănește alți cinci în Benghazi	Mașina capcană lovește Ministerul Libian de Externe din Benghazi	Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi	Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
3.4	Bombe plasate la marginea drumului ucid 5 oameni în Afganistan	Bombă plasată la marginea drumului ucide 3 polițiști în Afganistan	Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
0.4	Tamilii din Sri Lanka votează pentru o mai mare autonomie	Cameron și Putin discută despre Siria	Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy	Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
3.6	Trupele conduse de francezi se apropie de Timbuktu	Trupele conduse de francezi controlează accesul în Timbuktu	French-led troops close in on Timbuktu	French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
1.2	Un atac aerian NATO ucide doi copii afgani	Soldat NATO ucis în Afganistan	Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
4.0	Oameni înarmați ucid 11 turiști străini în Pakistan	Oameni înarmați ucid 11 alpiniști străini în Pakistan	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
4.0	Coreea de Nord va activitatea lucrările în zona industrială comună	Coreea de Nord blochează accesul la zona industrială comună	N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone	North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
1.8	Suspectul unui viol în grup din Delhi „bătut, otrăvit”	Verdictul violului în grup din Delhi a fost amânat din nou	Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'	Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
1.4	Franța promite ajutor militar în Mali	Majoritatea francezilor sprijină operațiunea militară din Mali	France pledges military aid in Mali	Most French support military operation in Mali
4.0	Egiptenii votează asupra constituției dezbinătoare	Egiptenii votează asupra schimbării constituției	Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	Egyptians vote on constitution change
2.8	Reid citează „un progres extraordinar” în discuțiile privind plafonul datoriilor	Liderii Senatului par aproape de acordul asupra plafonului datoriei SUA	Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks	Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
2.0	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,2 zguduie Sarangani	Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 4,3 zguduie sud-vestul Chinei	6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani	4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
1.2	Un mort, 11 răniți în haosul mașinilor din Los Angeles	6 morți, 33 răniți în explozia din Cotabato	One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos	6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
4.2	Președintele easyJet demisionează	Președintele companiei aeriene britanice easyJet demisionează	Chairman of easyJet to step down	Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
0.8	Asistent: Obama reînnoiește oferta de a tăia protecția socială într-un mare acord bugetar	Japonia îndeamnă SUA să rezolve rapid blocajul bugetar	Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide	Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
2.4	Atentator sinucigaș ucide 14 persoane la Consiliul provinciei afgane	Atentator sinucigaș ucide 11 persoane în Afganistan	Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council	Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
3.4	Comitetul se apropie de marile decizii finale privind imigrația	Comitetul judiciar al Senatului se apropie de marile decizii finale în elaborarea proiectului de lege privind imigrația	Committee nears final big immigration decisions	Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
3.8	Trupe americane ucise în atacul afgan din interior	Trupe NATO ucise în „atac din interior” afgan	US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
1.8	Mamă arestată sub suspiciunea de omucidere după ce câinele a ucis-o pe fiică	Bărbat arestat sub suspiciunea de crimă după înjunghierea din Suffolk	Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
3.2	Cinci morți, 40 dispăruți în dezastrul feroviar din Canada	40 încă sunt dispăruți în accidentul feroviar canadian	Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
3.0	Politician tunisian din opoziție împușcat mortal	Liderul opoziției din Tunisia ucis; izbucnesc proteste	Tunisian opposition politician shot dead	Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt
4.8	ONU subliniază necesitatea consolidării puternice a ajutorului sirian	Șeful ONU solicită consolidarea puternică a ajutorului sirian	UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid	UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
1.6	Bursa de valori crește impulsionată de Wall St	Bursa de valori scade pe Wall Street	Stocks soar on Wall St lead	Stocks slump on Wall Street
2.6	George Zimmerman nu a fost găsit vinovat de uciderea lui Trayvon Martin	Proteste și apeluri pentru calm după ce Zimmerman a fost achitat ​​de uciderea lui Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
3.6	Denunțătorul Edward Snowden zboară la Moscova	Denunțătorul NSA, Edward Snowden, părăsește Hong Kong-ul în zbor spre Moscova	Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow	NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
0.6	17 morți, 133 răniți în atacuri cu bombă în nordul Irakului	2 morți, 6 răniți în ciocniri în nordul Libanului	17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon
1.2	Insider dezvăluie secretele alegerilor din 2012	Toată atenția pe Capriles cu ocazia stabilirii alegerilor din Venezuela	Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets	All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
2.8	Durere în familia regală din cauza morții asistentei	Farsorul de la radio în lacrimi din cauza decesului asistentei	Royal sorrow over nurse's death	Radio prankster in tears over nurse’s death
4.2	Coreea de Nord spune că ar putea întârzia controversata lansare a rachetelor	Coreea de Nord pare hotărâtă să întârzie lansarea controversată a rachetelor	N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
4.0	Memoriul critic al lui Gates zguduie administrația Obama	Explozia Gates zguduie administrația Obama	Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration	Gates blast rocks Obama administration
4.2	Jeff Bezos pariază 250 de milioane de dolari pentru revigorarea Washington Post	Jeff Bezos plătește 250 de milioane de dolari pentru Washington Post	Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post
3.8	Brooks se declară nevinovat în acuzațiile de hacking	Brooks se declară nevinovat la audierea pentru hacking-ul telefonului	Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
4.0	Eliminarea opozanților trimite un mesaj înfricoșător elitei Coreei de Nord	Eliminarea unchiului Kim trimite un mesaj înfricoșător elitei Coreei de Nord	Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite	Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite
1.4	Sud-africanii marchează cea de-a 95-a aniversare a lui Mandela	Fostul premier al Africii de Sud, Nelson Mandela, internat din nou	South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday	South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
3.0	Obama declară că legea sănătății funcționează	Obama se angajează să pună în aplicare noua lege a sănătății	Obama declares health care law is working	Obama pledges to make new health care law work
3.0	Ploaia abundentă crește pericolul de inundații de Crăciun	Ploaia recentă aduce mai multe inundații	Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Fresh rain brings more flooding
3.6	Mii de oameni protestează împotriva căsătoriei homosexuale	Mii de oameni protestează împotriva căsătoriei homosexuale la Paris	Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris
0.4	Liderul unei bande din Taiwan prins la aeroport după 17 ani	Zambia îl arestează pe fostul lider Banda din cauza acordului petrolier	Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
3.0	Discuțiile nucleare din Iran încep într-o atmosferă de speranță	Discuțiile nucleare din Iran încep la Geneva	Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress	Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
4.2	Protestele politice thailandeze paralizează mai multe ministere	Protestatarii thailandezi asediază mai multe ministere	Thai political protests paralyse more ministries	Thai protesters besiege more ministries
4.6	Bezos de la Amazon va cumpăra Washington Post cu 250 de milioane de dolari	Bezos de la Amazon cumpără Washington Post cu 250 de milioane de dolari	Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million	Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M
1.8	Turneul economic al lui Obama lovit de așteptări reduse	Obama încurajează cercetașii să pună capăt interzicerii homosexualilor	Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations	Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
0.6	Israelul promite să nege Hezbollah după un atac aerian	Minister: Mașină capcană ucide patru oameni în bastionul Hezbollah din Beirut	Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike	Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister
2.4	Franța salută acordul SUA-Rusia privind Siria	Liga Arabă salută acordul SUA-Rusia în legătură cu Siria	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
2.0	Mai mulți soldați francezi în Republica Centrafricană	Schimburile de focuri din capitala Republicii Centrafricane creează o nouă panică	More French soldiers to Central African Republic	Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
1.0	Rezoluția ONU ordonă distrugerea armelor chimice din Siriei	Germania este pregătită să ajute misiunea chimică a Siriei	UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed	Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
4.6	Exclusiv-ACTUALIZARE 2-Alianța Egiptului pro-Mursi dă semne de flexibilitate în discuții	EXCLUSIV-ACTUALIZARE 1-Alianța egipteană pro-Mursi dă semne de flexibilitate în discuții	Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
4.2	David Beckham se va retrage la sfârșitul sezonului	David Beckham se retrage din fotbal	David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football
3.4	Libia își închide brusc granițele cu patru țări	Libia închide granițele, declară legea marțială în sud	Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries	Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south
1.0	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,0 a lovit Grecia - USGS	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 5,0 zguduie Japonia	6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS	5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
0.2	Căutări după ce un om a fost tras în larg	Lara planifică o vizită în Nepal	Search after man swept into sea	Lara plans visit to Nepal
3.0	Militanții organizează o evadare din închisoare în Pakistan	Talibanii evadează: 250 de militanți scapă după atacul asupra închisorii din Pakistan	Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak	Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
3.0	Un meteorit lovește Rusia Centrală, peste 500 de oameni răniți	Un meteorit lovește Rusia Centrală, 400 răniți	Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt	Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt
4.2	Viscolul paralizează nord-estul SUA	Viscolul lovește nord-estul SUA, drumuri închise	Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt	Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads
1.6	Protestatarii NATO achitați de acuzațiile de terorism	Protestatarii NATO condamnați pentru acuzații de non-terorism	NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges	NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
1.4	„Credibilitatea în joc asupra Siriei”	Obama: Congresul, credibilitatea mondială în joc	Credibility on the line over Syria'	Obama: Congress, world credibility on line
0.0	Talibanii pe agenda SUA în Pakistan	Cel puțin 33 de morți în urma unui cutremur mare care a lovit Pakistanul	Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan	At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
5.0	Ministrul de interne din Egipt supraviețuiește bombei	Ministrul de interne din Egipt supraviețuiește atacului cu bombă	Egypt interior minister survives bomb	Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack
2.0	Yuanul Chinei slăbește la 6,2767 față de USD joi	Yuanul Chinei slăbește la 6,1818 față de USD marți	China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
1.4	Obama poartă discuții legate de acțiunile asupra Siriei	Cameron pierde votul parlamentar asupra acțiunii militare în Siria	Obama holds talks over Syria action	Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
5.0	Egiptul „îngheață bunurile Frăției Musulmane”	Egiptul îngheață fondurile Frăției Musulmane	Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'	Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
0.0	Raport Zen: Nu este ușor să fii exigentă	Meteoritul rus lasă un gol în clădire	Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance	Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
4.6	Tony Abbott a depus jurământul ca nou prim-ministru al Australiei	Tony Abbott a depus jurământul ca prim-ministru al Australiei	Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
4.0	Armata Egiptului ia măsuri severe asupra Frăției	Armata Egiptului ia măsuri severe asupra Frăției Musulmane	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
3.4	Legislativul din Venezuela se întrunește pe fondul crizei de sănătate a lui Chavez	Legislativul se întâlnește pe fondul crizei lui Chavez	Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis	Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
2.0	Opoziția siriană amenință că renunțe la discuții	Opoziția siriană este de acord cu discuțiile	Syria opposition threatens to quit talks	Syria opposition agrees to talks
2.6	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide un polițist în Pakistan	Atentatorii sinucigași ucid 3 soldați în Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan	Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
0.8	Protestatarii anti-guvernamentali iau cu asalt străzile din Kiev	Protestatarii din Ucraina au răsturnat statuia lui Lenin	Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
1.0	Bărbat din Chicago va fi condamnat pentru terorism	Șefii băncii Kabul condamnați pentru corupție	Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions	Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption
2.4	Atac american cu drone ucide trei persoane în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Atac american cu drone ucide șapte oameni în Waziristanul de Nord	US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
4.2	Defecțiunea la calea ferată întrerupe serviciul de tren între Raffles Place și Marina Bay	Serviciul feroviar întrerupt între Raffles Place și Marina Bay	Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay	Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
1.0	Manning condamnat la 35 de ani pentru expunerea secretelor guvernamentale	Britanic închis pentru 10 ani pentru că a vândut detectoare de bombe false	Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets	Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
1.0	Poliția britanică a declarat că nu există o legătură teroristă cu accidentul elicopterului	Poliția din China caută opt suspecți în cazul accidentului	UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash	China police seek eight suspects over crash
1.8	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 13 persoane în sudul Rusiei	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 16 persoane în orașul rus Volgograd	Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south	Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd
1.8	41 de morți, 22 de răniți în atacuri violente în Irak	15 morți, 90 răniți în atacuri noi în Irak	41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
2.5	Kerry va vizita Iordania, pacea israeliană-palestiniană pe ordinea de zi	Kerry amână vizita în Israel de săptămână viitoare	Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda	Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
4.4	Șomajul în zona euro atinge un nou record superior	Șomajul în UE atinge un nou record	Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	EU jobless hits fresh record
1.4	Adevăratul erou al lui Nelson Mandela nu a fost Gandhi, ci Nehru	Starea de sănătate a lui Nelson Mandela este „instabilă”	Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru	Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'
3.0	În fața taxei de salvare, ciprioții încearcă să își scoată banii din bănci	Condițiile de salvare atrag prompt asaltul băncilor din Cipru	Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks	Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
1.2	Obama se înscrie în Obamacare	Americanii se străduiesc să se înscrie la Obamacare până la termenul limită	Obama signs up for Obamacare	Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
4.2	Lance Armstrong îi mărturisește totul lui Oprah	Lance Armstrong mărturisește că s-a dopat în interviul cu Oprah	Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah	Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
5.0	Andy Murray merită să fie numit cavaler, spune David Cameron	David Cameron: Andy Murray merită să fie cavaler	Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says	David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
2.0	Indicele Hushen 300 închide în creștere - 14 octombrie	Indicele Hushen 300 închide în scădere - 12 martie	Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14	Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
2.4	Departamentul de Stat SUA tras la răspundere asupra Benghazi	Șeful securității Departamentului de Stat demisionează după incidentul Benghazi	US State Department faulted over Benghazi	State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
0.0	Fotbal - Franța va găzdui Australia pentru prima dată în octombrie	Oficialul ANR se va confrunta cu întrebări pentru prima dată de la remarcile controversate	Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October	NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
3.6	Ambasadorul Hondurasului în Columbia a fost demis după o petrecere extremă	Ambasadorul Honduras demisionează după presupusa orgie la ambasadă	Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party	Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
2.4	Siria trebuie să distrugă armele chimice	Libia „distruge ultimele arme chimice”	Syria must destroy chemical weapons	Libya ‘destroys last chemical weapons’
0.0	Cutremur de intensitate medie în zona centrală a Mării Mediterane	Iran: Candidatul moderat câștigă votul prezidențial	Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean	Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
3.6	Trei afgani uciși într-un atac sinucigaș	Trei afgani morți într-o nouă explozie la baza SUA din estul Afganistanului	Three Afghans killed in suicide attack	Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
2.8	Atentatori sinucigași au lovit armata Egiptului în Sinai, ucid 6	Atentatori sinucigași au lovit armata Egiptului în Sinai, ucid 4	Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6	Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4
3.4	Piețele din Asia câștigă în urma datelor economice optimiste ale SUA	Piețele asiatice au fost ridicate de datele pozitive din SUA și China	Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data	Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data
1.6	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 9 persoane la mitingul politic din Pakistan	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide un paznic la ambasada SUA în Turcia	Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally	Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
2.2	Patru susținători ai lui Morsi uciși în ciocnirile din Egipt	Zeci de răniți în timp ce susținătorii lui Morsi se ciocnesc cu forțele de securitate	Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces
0.0	Elevii vorbesc pe calea undelor radio	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 5,5 a lovit Taiwanul	Students take a ride on airwaves	5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
2.2	Ofițer în cazul Pistorius realocat	Ofițer în cazul Pistorius acuzat de tentativă de crimă	Pistorius officer dropped from case	Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
4.0	Vinnie Jones dezvăluie că se luptă din nou cu cancerul	Vinnie Jones dezvăluie că are cancer de piele	Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new	Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
2.6	Șeful pakistanez al talibanilor, Hakimullah Mehsud, a fost ucis într-un atac cu drone	Talibanii pakistanezi jură răzbunare, vor plăti uciderea lui Hakimullah cu vărsare de sânge	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed
5.0	Zeci de oameni uciși într-un atac aerian asupra unei brutării din centrul Siriei	„Zeci de oameni uciși” în atacul aerian sirian asupra unei brutării	Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria	Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery
2.0	Oameni înarmați ucid un soldat și rănesc alți doi în Pakistan	Oameni înarmați ucid 6 asistenți care tratau bolnavii de poliomielită în Pakistan	Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
2.2	Poliția confirmă modul în care suspectul a fost capturat	Descinderea asupra suspectului din exploziile de la Maratonului Boston capturată video	Police confirm how suspect was captured	Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
2.8	Începe distrugerea armelor chimice ale Siriei	Distrugerea armelor chimice din Siria s-ar putea dovedi dificilă	Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins	Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
0.8	Inundațiile din Canada obligă evacuarea unui alt oraș	Incendiile de vegetație din California impun evacuarea caselor, universității	Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city	California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university
4.4	ONU spune că dronele americane încalcă suveranitatea Pakistanului	ONU: Atacurile americane cu drone încalcă suveranitatea Pakistanului	UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty	UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty
4.8	Obama laudă „inspirația” lui Mandela	Obama salută efectul de inspirație al lui Mandela	Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'	Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
0.8	Obama vine „să asculte” Israelul, palestinienii	Kerry salută planul arab pentru discuții israeliano-palestiniene	Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians	Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
4.2	E-mailurile - Firma petrolieră l-a întrebat pe comerciant despre întâlnirea cu ministrul	Firma petrolieră l-a întrebat pe comerciantul rebel despre întâlnirea cu ministrul	The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
1.4	Numărul morților în atacul asupra poliției din Nigeria se ridică la 30	Numărul morților în atacul unui autobuz din Kenya crește la șase	Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30	Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
2.6	Siria „va declara arme chimice și va semna convenția”	Rusia și Siria Lucrează la un plan „concret” asupra armamentului chimic	Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'	Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan
0.0	Australia va renunța la creșterea plafonului datoriei naționale	Premierul australian insistă să nu se certe cu Indonezia	Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling	Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
4.8	Piețele asiatice au atins cel mai ridicat nivel din ultimele 3 săptămâni în speranța acordului datoriilor SUA	Acțiunile asiatice au atins maximele de trei săptămâni în speranța acordului datoriilor SUA	Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal	Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
1.4	Primul ministru italian Mario Monti demisionează	Primul ministru palestinian Fayyad demisionează	Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns	Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
3.2	Africa de Sud admite o greșeală asupra semnatarului „schizofrenic” Mandela	Africa de Sud admite o posibilă „greșeală” asupra semnatarului surd la comemorarea lui Mandela	South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer	South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
1.6	Iranul spune că în cadrul discuțiilor nucleare rămân probleme serioase	Iranul promite să păstreze programul nuclear „pașnic”	Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	"Iran vows to preserve ""peaceful"" nuclear program"
2.0	Mulțimi de oameni se adună în Betleem de Crăciun	Oh, orășelul Betleem - cu adevărat	Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas	Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real
1.6	Șapte trupe de menținere a păcii au fost ucise în Darfur din Sudan	Un menținător al păcii ucis în ciocnirea din Abyei	Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur	Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
3.2	NATO: bateria de rachete Patriot funcțională la frontiera siriană	Obama: baterii de rachete Patriot, trupele vor rămâne în Iordania, lângă granița cu Siria	NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
4.6	Acțiunile din SUA se prăbușesc în a treia zi de închidere	Acțiunile se prăbușesc în a treia zi de închidere a guvernului	US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
3.4	Guineea votează într-un sondaj legislativ mult întârziat	Guineoecuatorenii votează în alegerile legislative	Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll	Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
3.0	NATO: 3 soldați uciși în atacul din Afganistan	Trupe NATO ucise într-un „atac din interior” afgan	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
1.2	Soldat israelian lovește un copil palestinian în Hebron	Soldați israelieni ucid o femeie palestiniană în Cisiordania	Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron	Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank
2.2	ONU își exprimă îngrijorarea cu privire la atacurile israeliene asupra Siriei	Oficial israelian confirmă al doilea atac aerian asupra Siriei	UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
3.4	Armata Egiptului lansează noi raiduri aeriene asupra militanților din Sinai	Egiptul lansează un nou atac împotriva militanților din Sinai	Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants	Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
2.6	Forțele franceze atacă aliații din Mali ai Al-Qaeda	O bătălie pentru recucerirea nordului Maliului: Sute de trupe franceze alungă rebelii afiliați Al-Qaida	French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies	A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels
1.2	Poliția egipteană trage cu gaze lacrimogene asupra protestatarilor Frăției	India: Gaze lacrimogene lansate asupra protestatarilor violului în grup	Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters	India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
3.0	Regimul sirian este de acord să participe la conferința de pace	Siria și opoziția sunt de acord „în principiu” să participe la conferința de pace	Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference
3.8	Zeci de răniți în urma aterizării forțate a unui avion Boeing 777 pe aeroportul din San Francisco	Un Boeing 777 al Asiana Air aterizează forțat pe aeroportul din San Francisco	Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
4.6	13 copii mor într-un incendiu dintr-o moschee în Myanmar	Poliția din Myanmar spune că 13 copii au murit într-un incendiu provocat de electricitate într-o moschee	13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire	Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
2.8	Senatul SUA va vota acordul în legătură cu prăpastia fiscală, pe măsură ce termenul se apropie	Live-Prăpastia fiscală: Camera întârzie votul în legătură acordul pentru prăpastia fiscală	US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears	Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
2.2	Bărbat cu cuțit arestat la intrarea în Palatul Buckingham	Bărbat acuzat după arestarea sa la Palatul Buckingham	Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace	Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
2.8	5 persoane îngropate în avalanșa din Colorado	„5 snowboarderi uciși în avalanșa din Colorado”	5 people buried in Colorado avalanche	5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
3.6	Ban Ki-moon va revizui acordul în legătură cu armele chimice din Siria	Ban va reanaliza acordul asupra armelor chimice din Siria	Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord	Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
3.6	Președintele irakian în spital din cauza unei probleme de sănătate	Președintele irakian în spital după un accident vascular cerebral	Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem	Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
3.8	Coaliția care a condus Malaezia mult timp se menține la putere	Coaliția de guvernământ din Malaezia câștigă majoritatea	Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power	Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority
4.2	Explozii lângă ambasada Iranului la Beirut	Două explozii lângă ambasada Iranului la Beirut	Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
4.2	19 răniți în împușcăturile din New Orleans	Poliția: 19 răniți în împușcăturile de Ziua Mamei din New Orleans	19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
2.4	Hagel deplânge modificările „politice” aduse bugetului american al apărării	Hagel apără reducerile propuse ale cheltuielilor pentru apărare	"Hagel laments ""political"" changes to US defence budget"	Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
4.4	SUA interzice transportul de lichide, geluri pe zborurile către Rusia	SUA interzice transportul lichidelor pe zborurile directe către Rusia	U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia	US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
2.4	Frăția Egiptului nu dă înapoi după ucideri	Egipt: Frăția Musulmană îl susține pe Morsi	Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
3.0	Trupe NATO ucid doi copii afgani	Atac NATO ucide 11 copii afgani	Nato troops kill two Afghan children	NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
2.0	Președintele iranian solicită noi discuții nucleare	Ministrul iranian învinovățește Vestul pentru discuțiile eșuate cu privire la armele nucleare	Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks	Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
3.4	Inundațiile ucid doi oameni, impun evacuarea a 75.000 de case din Calgary	Inundațiile impun evacuarea a 75.000 de case din Canada	Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes	Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes
2.6	4 trupe NATO ucise în Afganistan	Opt trupe NATO ucise în Afganistan	4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
3.8	Taifunul Fitow ajunge în estul Chinei	Taifunul Fitow lovește sud-estul Chinei	Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China	Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
0.2	Mandela va petrece Crăciunul în spital	Filmul Mandela va fi lansat luna aceasta în Africa de Sud	Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital	Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
3.4	Rezultatele sondajelor sugerează că aliatul lui Putin câștigă votul Moscovei	Sondajele arată că aliatul lui Putin câștigă votul Moscovei, Navalny acuză fraudarea	Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote	Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul
4.0	Judecătorul acceptă pledoaria de nevinovăție în cazul lui James Holmes	Pledoarie de nevinovăție pentru James Holmes - dar opțiunea de nebunie este încă valabilă	Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes	Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
1.0	Cel puțin 45 de morți în accidentul feroviar din Spania	Cel puțin 13 oameni au fost uciși în tripla explozie a mașinilor capcană în Diyala, Irak	At least 45 killed in Spain train crash	At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala
0.0	Chris Froome pedalează către finalul Turului Franței	Concertele lui Chris Brown anulate	Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame	Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
3.6	Aplicație a Apple direcționează șoferii pe pista aeroportului din Alaska	Aplicație a Apple trimite șoferii în aeroport	Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway	Apple app sends drivers to airport
3.4	Presupus atac cu drone american ucide 3 militanți în Pakistan	Dronă americană ucide 4 militanți în Pakistan	Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
3.6	Francisc începe papalitatea cu rugăciune	Papa Francisc se strecoară din Vatican pentru rugăciuni	Francis begins papacy with prayer	Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
3.6	Senatul SUA se va întâlni deoarece o cale de ieșire din impasul fiscal nu a fost găsită încă	Senatul SUA se întrunește într-o sesiune extraordinară de duminică pe fondul impasului fiscal	US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive	US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
1.8	Frăția Egiptului, la fel de asediată ca liderul ei	Frăția Musulmană a Egiptului stabilește un marș în masă	Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
0.2	Noua fregată invizibilă chineză a fost lansată	Belarus și Letonia vor înființa o comisie de frontieră	China's new stealth frigate commissioned	Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission
2.2	Violențele din Irak ucid 11 oameni	Violențele din Irak ucid șapte oameni	Iraq violence kills 11	Iraq violence kills seven
1.6	Protestele continuă în capitala Ucrainei tensionată	Protestele continuă în Brazilia	Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests continue in Brazil
3.2	Surse: Britanici eliberați după răpirea lor din Sinai, Egipt	Beduinii eliberează doi britanici capturați în Sinai, Egipt	Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources	Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai
3.0	Siria salută acordul nuclear al Iranului	Iran, șase puteri mondiale încheie un acord nuclear important	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
3.6	Israelul se confruntă cu represalii europene în urma planului de așezământ	Israelul tras la răspundere de țările europene asupra celor mai recente planuri de așezământ	Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan	Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
2.2	Obama glumește despre el însuși la cina cu reporteri	Obama râde de critici în timpul cinei cu presa	Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner	Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
4.2	Allen răspunde la acuzațiile de abuz ale lui Farrow în scrisoare	Allen se apără împotriva acuzațiilor de abuz ale lui Farrow	Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter	Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
4.4	Peste 1.000 de deținuți evadează din închisoarea al-Kweifiya din Libia	1000 de prizonieri evadează dintr-o închisoare libiană	More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison	1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
1.2	Care este opțiunea nucleară?	Fotografiile arată pregătirea nucleară din Coreea de Nord	What is the nuclear option?	Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
2.6	Forex & Aur 6 martie 2013	Forex & Aur 12 martie 2013	Forex & Gold 6 March 2013	Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
1.0	Islamiști ucid 21 de persoane în atentate sinucigașe în Niger	Mașini capcană ucid 20 de persoane într-un oraș turcesc de lângă granița cu Siria	Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger	Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
2.8	SUA a stabilit că Siria a folosit arme chimice	ONU votează pentru eliminarea armelor chimice ale Siriei	U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons	UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
4.2	Tatăl lui Snowden ajunge la Moscova	Tatăl lui Edward Snowden la Moscova	Snowden's father arrives in Moscow	Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
2.2	Talibanii pakistanezi numesc un nou lider după atacul cu drone	Conducătorul talibanilor pakistanezi a fost ucis în atacul american cu drone	Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike	Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
1.2	Bombardamentele gemene din Pakistan ucid cel puțin 40 de oameni	Acum, militanții se luptă cu poliția pakistaneză	Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40	Now, militants battle Pakistani police
3.6	Un susținător al Frăției Musulmane moare în ciocnirea din Cairo	Susținători ai Frăției Musulmane mor în ciocnirile din Egipt	Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash	Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
3.4	Câștigurile Facebook cresc cu 63% pe măsură ce anunțurile mobile cresc în utilizare	Profiturile Facebook cresc odată cu extinderea bazei de utilizatori	Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate	Facebook profits jump as user base expands
2.2	Trimisul Siriei solicită Guvern de Unitate Națională	Trimisul Siriei solicită schimbări politice pentru a pune capăt conflictului	Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government	Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
3.2	Treizeci și șapte de morți într-un accident de autobuz în Italia	Treizeci de morți în urma căderii autobuzului italian	Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge	Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
4.2	Rogers, Videotron extinde acoperirea în urma acordului de partajare a rețelei	Rogers, Videotron ajung la o înțelegere asupra partajării rețelei si spectrului radio	Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
5.0	Acțiunile din China închid în scădere joi	Acțiunile din China închid în scădere joi	China stocks end lower Thursday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
0.6	Femei la bustul gol protestează împotriva lui Berlusconi în timp ce acesta votează la alegeri	Președintele Bulgariei susține protestatarii și se opune alegerilor anticipate	Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election	Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections
2.8	Indonezia: elevi printre cele 14 persoane ucise în erupția vulcanului indonezian	Indonezia: șase morți în erupția vulcanică indoneziană	Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption	Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
3.4	S-a ajuns la un acord cu privire la noul guvern italian	Italia va investi noul guvern de coaliție	Deal reached on new Italian government	Italy to swear in new coalition government
1.8	Obama deplânge moartea emblematicului Nelson Mandela	Sud-africanii jelesc, îl sărbătoresc pe Mandela	Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela	South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela
0.0	Goa este primul pas al lui Modis în marșul spre Delhi	Pentru prima dată în istorie, Technion va preda ingineria în Rusia	Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi	For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia
1.8	Bursa din Singapore închide în creștere cu 0,4%	Bursa indiană deschide în creștere	Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher	Indian stocks open higher
4.6	Maldive organizează noi alegeri pentru președinte	Maldive organizează noi alegeri prezidențiale	Maldives holds fresh election for president	Maldives holds fresh presidential election
1.8	Egiptul anunță arestarea a 1.004 de susținători ai Frăției Musulmane	Egiptul ordonă arestarea lui Badie, șeful Frăției	Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters	Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
4.2	Noul World Trade Center declarat ca cea mai înaltă clădire din S.U.A.	One World Trade Center numit cea mai înaltă clădire din SUA	New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.	One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
1.8	Ce spun ziarele, 12 martie 2013	Ce spun ziarele, 25 iunie 2013	What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013	What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013
3.2	Israelul aprobă 1500 de case pentru locuitori	Israelul dezvăluie încă 1.800 de case pentru locuitori	Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
3.6	Piers Morgan interogat de poliție	Piers Morgan intervievat de poliție în cazul piratării	Piers Morgan questioned by police	Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
4.8	Cazul violului în grup a fotojurnalistei din Mumbai rezolvat, cinci acuzați au fost arestați	Jurnalistă din Mumbai, caz de viol în grup: toți cei cinci acuzați au fost arestați	Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested	Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested
1.6	„Israelian” arestat în Yemen ca spion Mossad	Forțele israeliene rețin 2 oameni în descinderea din Hebron	Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy	Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
1.8	Fetele pakistaneze învață o lecție grea	Fată pakistaneză împușcată de talibani într-un videoclip	Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson	Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
2.8	Președintele interimar al Egiptului numește 2 consilieri	Președintele interimar al Egiptului investește noul cabinet	Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors	Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
0.6	China lansează prima rachetă aer-aer din elicopter	Un tribunal din China îl condamnă pe Bo Xilai la închisoare pe viață pentru corupție	China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper	China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
1.4	Marea Britanie confirmă temerile legate de armele chimice ale Siriei	Sfârșitul „aproape” pentru armele chimice ale Siriei	UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons	End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons
4.6	Represiunea Egiptului atrage condamnare	Egipt: Represiunea Egiptului provoacă indignare la nivel mondial	Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation	Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
0.6	Egiptul investește un nou lider interimar	Armata Egiptului ia măsuri împotriva Frăției	Egypt swears in new interim leader	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
2.6	Mașină capcană ucide 17 persoane în Pakistan	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 10 persoane în Pakistan	Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
0.6	Comandant senior al talibanilor pakistanezi capturat în Afganistan	Șiiții pakistanezi cer protecție din partea militanților	Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan	Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
5.0	Conductorul trenului din accidentul feroviar spaniol se confruntă cu întrebările judecătorului	Conductorul de tren din Spania a fost interogat de judecător	Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge	Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
1.6	Acțiunile închid în creștere cu 0,39%	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în scădere cu 0,31%	Stocks close 0.39% higher	Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
0.0	SUA publică un raport inițial privind impactul fracturării hidraulice asupra apei	Bărbați din China au fost reținuți după ce au dus fete la hotel	US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water	Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel
2.6	Doar Rusia acuză rebelii sirieni de atac chimic: SUA	Rusia cere ONU să ia în considerare ancheta sa privind utilizarea armelor chimice în Siria	Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US	Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
5.0	Filipine, rebelii ajung la un acord de împărțire a averii	Filipine și rebeli ajung la un „acord de avere”	Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
1.2	Numărul morților din violențele din vestul Chinei crește la 35	Urgență: numărul de morți în incendiul din nord-estul Chinei ajunge la 112	Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
4.75	Imran va contesta victoria cu patru locuri NA	Imran Khan va contesta alegerile cu patru locuri NA	Imran to contest from four NA seats	Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
4.4	Compania israeliană de mașini electrice Better Place se închide	O companie israeliană de mașini electrice se închide	Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold	Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
2.8	Antrenorul șef al Houston Texans, Gary Kubiak, spitalizat după ce s-a prăbușit în timpul meciului	Antrenorul lui Texans, Gary Kubiak, se află în stare stabilă după prăbușire	Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game	Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
4.4	Conducător militar taliban pro-pakistanez ucis în atac american cu drone	Comandant taliban ucis în atac american cu drone	Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike	Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
4.6	Mașină capcană ucide 20 de persoane în nord-vestul Siriei	Mașină capcană ucide 20 de persoane în nordul Siriei	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
1.0	Soldații sud-coreeni ucid un bărbat care încerca să treacă granița spre nord	Coreea de Nord închide ultima linie directă rămasă cu sudul	South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North	North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
3.4	Cel puțin 50 de morți într-un accident feroviar spaniol	Peste 70 de morți într-un accident cu un tren de mare viteză în Spania	Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash	Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
4.2	Cinci străini condamnați la moarte pentru trafic de droguri în Egipt	Egiptul îl condamnă pe pakistanez, printre cei 5, la moarte pentru trafic de droguri	Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt	Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
1.2	Tren francez deraiază la sud de Paris	Pasagerii trenului francez povestesc despre calvarul accidentului	French train derails south of Paris	French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
4.2	A murit fostul purtător de cuvânt al președintelui american Ronald Reagan	Fostul purtător de cuvânt al lui Reagan, Larry Speakes, a murit la 74 de ani	Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies	Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
3.8	Egiptul votează o nouă constituție	Egiptenii votează asupra constituției dezbinătoare	Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
2.8	Obama se întâlnește cu familia Mandela, în timp ce el rămâne în spital	Familia Obama se va întâlni cu familia Mandela însă nu va vizita spitalul	Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital	Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
3.8	Câștigurile slabe trag acțiunile din SUA în jos în primele tranzacții	Câștigurile slabe trag acțiunile în jos pe Wall Street	Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
5.0	Trei presupuși morți după ce un elicopter s-a prăbușit într-un bar	Trei presupuși morți după ce un elicopter s-a prăbușit într-un bar	Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
3.4	Parlamentar din Nigeria este acuzat de presupusă luare de mită	Prim-ministrul nigerian este acuzat că a acceptat mită de 3 milioane de dolari	Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery	Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe
1.8	Rupia scade cu 8 paise față de dolar în tranzacțiile timpurii	Rupia crește cu 22 paise față de dolar în tranzacțiile timpurii	Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade	Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
5.0	Israelianul Peres solicită revenirea la discuțiile de pace	Israelianul Peres cere revenirea la discuțiile de pace	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
5.0	Obama începe să vorbească despre Siria din Casa Albă la 13:15. EDT	Obama va face o declarație despre Siria la Casa Albă la 13:15	Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT	Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
1.8	Bursa indiană deschide în scădere	Bursa indiană inchide în scădere	Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks close lower
3.4	SUA pregătește o posibilă acțiune solo împotriva Siriei	SUA pledează asupra acțiunii împotriva Siriei	US readies possible solo action against Syria	US makes case for action against Syria
1.2	Scurte ciocniri cu poliția în Belfast	Persoane îndoliate se confruntă cu poliția din Tunisia	Brief clashes with police in Belfast	Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
1.4	Cutremur în China: numărul morților crește	Numărul morților de gripa chineză crește la șase	China quake: Death toll rises	China flu death toll rises to six
2.6	Patru arestați, în timp ce numărul victimelor din prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh crește la 352	Proprietarul a fost arestat în timp ce numărul victimelor din prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh ajunge la 372	Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
2.6	Indonezia condamnă utilizarea armelor chimice în Siria	Apar întrebări în legătură cu acuzele de arme chimice în Siria	RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
4.8	Un nou cutremur puternic a lovit regiunea Pak deja distrusă	Un nou cutremur puternic zguduie o regiune a Pakistanului deja distrusă	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
1.2	Trupe indiene ucid un soldat pakistanez de-a lungul liniei de control din Kashmir	Trupe indiene descind asupra unui post militar pakistanez	Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control	Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
3.6	Papa Benedict al XVI-lea își ia rămas bun de la cardinali	Papa Benedict al XVI-lea pleacă din Vatican pentru ultima dată	Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals	Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
1.2	Noul portavion chinez extinde acțiunea de modernizare militară	Vicepremierul chinez se întâlnește cu guvernatorul general australian	China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive	Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
1.6	Liderul brazilian poartă discuții de criză asupra protestelor de stradă	Liderul Braziliei promite votul asupra reformei	Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	Brazil leader promises reform vote
4.0	Furtuna tropicală Andrea mătură coasta de est	Furtuna tropicală Andrea va urca pe coasta de est	Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast	Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
3.4	Patru morți în accidentul feroviar din Indonezia	Cinci morți în urma ciocnirii unui tren cu un camion ce transporta combustibil în Indonezia	Four dead in Indonesia train accident	Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck
3.8	Israelul propune planul de a construi 900 de case	Israelul dezvăluie planuri pentru noi case pentru localnici	Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
5.0	Miss New York câștigă coroana Miss America	Miss New York este încoronată Miss America	Miss New York wins Miss America crown	Miss New York is crowned Miss America
4.4	Austriac găsit cu 56 de cranii furate în muzeul său de acasă	Un bărbat austriac a fost acuzat după ce 56 de cranii umane au fost găsite la el acasă	Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
0.4	SUA pregătită de inaugurarea lui Obama	SUA susține noi sancțiuni înainte de inaugurarea Iranului	US set for Obama inauguration	US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
0.4	Militant saudit suspectat moare în custodia libanezilor	Presupus atac american cu drone ucide 6 militanți în Yemen	Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody	Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
4.8	Un om își dă foc pe National Mall	Un om își dă foc pe National Mall din Washington	Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall	Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall
2.0	7 morți în atacurile din Irak	27 de morți în atacuri în Irak	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	27 killed in attacks across Iraq
3.2	Mii de oameni protestează împotriva căsătoriei homosexuale	Mii de oameni protestează împotriva căsătoriei homosexuale în Franța	Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in France
1.0	India Ink: Imaginea zilei: 27 ianuarie	India Ink: Imaginea zilei: 20 martie	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20
4.8	Capitol Hill din SUA închis în urma unor împușcături	Urmăriți în direct: Capitolul SUA este blocat după rapoartele de împușcături	US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired	Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
3.8	Se deschide prima zonă pilot de liber schimb din China	Zona de liber schimb din Shanghai începe să opereze	China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens	Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
2.6	12 morți, 25 răniți în urma exploziei unei bombe în nord-vestul Pakistanului	6 morți, 12 răniți într-o explozie în nord-vestul Pakistanului	12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan	6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakistan
1.4	Imagini selectate de la prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh	Cel puțin 200 de morți în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri în Bangladesh	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
4.4	Instanța chineză confirmă pedepsele cu moartea pentru ucigașii din Mekong	Curtea confirmă condamnările la moarte pentru asasinii din Mekong	Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers	Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers
0.0	Protestatarii din Egipt „vor fi dispersați”	Profesorul de răpiri va fi condamnat	Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'	Abduction teacher to be sentenced
3.8	Explozia buteliei de gaz din autobuzul școlar din Pakistan ucide 17 persoane	Explozia mortală a cilindrului de gaz lovește un autobuz școlar din Pakistan	Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17	Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
2.8	Marfa nord-coreeană dezvăluie afacerea de reparare a rachetelor cu Cuba	Nava coreeană care transporta rachete din Cuba a fost oprită	North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba	N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
4.8	Forțele israeliene rețin 5 palestinieni în Cisiordania	Forțele israeliene arestează cinci palestinieni în Cisiordania	Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank	Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
4.0	Protestele mătură Brazilia în ciuda concesiunii	Proteste planificate în toată Brazilia, în ciuda concesiunilor	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
3.8	Angela Merkel câștigă al treilea mandat în alegerile din Germania	Merkel câștigă detașat în alegerile din Germania	Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
3.8	Muncitorii sud-coreeni încep să părăsească zona comună de fabrici	Muncitorii sud-coreeni urmează să părăsească zona comună de fabrici	South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone	South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
0.0	Senatul va vota pentru a merge mai departe cu Hagel	Benedict se întoarce acasă la o casă nouă și la un nou Papă	Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod	Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
3.2	15 morți și zeci de răniți în atentatul sinucigaș din gara rusă	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 14 persoane în gara rusă	15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station	Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
3.0	Liderul opoziției cambodgiene, Sam Rainsy, se întoarce pentru a impulsiona alegerile	Conducătorul opoziției din Cambodgia se adresează parlamentului în cadrul sesiunii de votare	Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election	Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
2.6	Vestul salută votul opoziției siriene pentru a se alătura negocierilor de pace	Opoziția siriană numește delegația pentru discuții	West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks	Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
4.6	Obama călătorește în Oklahoma devastată de tornade	Obama vizitează Oklahoma lovită de tornade	Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
1.0	"Niciun acord legat de ""prăpastia fiscală"" în timp ce Obama pleacă în vacanță"	"John Boehner: de la o origine umilă, ""prăpastia fiscală"" îl poate dărâma"	No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday	John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing
1.8	Mașină capcană ucide cel puțin 12 oameni într-un oraș deținut de rebeli din Siria	Mașină capcană ucide cel puțin 10 soldați egipteni în Sinai	Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
0.0	Kerry: Planul economic palestinian de 4 miliarde de dolari ar putea funcționa	Kerry: Niciun acord încă în discuțiile nucleare cu Iranul	Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work	Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
0.8	Bilanțul de victime în urma prăbușirii clădiri din Bangladesh ajunge la 359	Bilanțul de victime în urma prăbușirii clădiri din India se ridică la 72	Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359	Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
3.4	Zeci de morți în luptele din Republica Centafricană	98 de morți în Republica Centafricană în urma ciocnirilor	Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting	98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
0.8	Libia amenință acțiunea armatei asupra protestatarilor împotriva petrolului	Amenințare cu bombă impune evacuarea la Princeton	Libya threatens army action against oil protesters	Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
3.4	2 sindicate turcești convoacă greva luni, în semn de protest față de violențele poliției	Tulburări în Turcia: sindicatele solicită greva din cauza represiunii poliției	2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence	Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
3.4	[Ticker] Fitch îmbunătățește ratingul de credit al Greciei	Moody's îmbunătățește ratingul de credit al Greciei	[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating	Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating
0.0	Oameni înarmați atacă un vas al poliției într-o regiune petrolieră din Nigeria	Poliția sudaneză blochează protestul de la comisia pentru drepturile omului	Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region	Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
2.2	Rușii care părăsesc Siria trec prin Liban	Rusia acordă ajutor umanitar refugiaților sirieni din Liban	Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon	Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon
0.8	Doi soldați americani uciși într-un atac „din interior” în Afganistan	8 soldați uciși într-un atac cu bombă în nord-vestul Pakistanului	"Two U.S. soldiers killed in ""insider"" attack in Afghanistan"	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
5.0	Emblema sud-africană, Nelson Mandela, internată în spital	Nelson Mandela al Africii de Sud este internat în spital	South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized	South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
1.4	Papa Francisc condamnă indiferența globală față de suferință	Papa Francisc comemorează migranții morți la Lampedusa	Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering	Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
4.4	Judecătorul principal Mansour a depus jurământul ca președinte interimar al Egiptului	Judecătorul Adly Mansour a depus jurământul ca președinte interimar al Egiptului	Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
2.8	Explozie ucide 10 tinere în estul Afganistanului	Oficiali: Explozie ucide nouă oameni în sudul Afganistanului	Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan	Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
3.2	Poliția kenyană arestează recrutorul și finanțatorul cheie Al-Shabaab	Kenya: Pereche arestată de poliția antiteroristă	Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier	Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
3.6	Obama va anunța miercuri planurile de control ale armelor	Obama va stabili planuri de control ale armelor	Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday	Obama to set out gun control plans
2.2	Bombele ucid două persoane, rănesc zeci la maratonul din Boston	Doar două bombe găsite în atacul de la maratonul din Boston	Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon	Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
2.4	Armele chimice ale Siriei ar putea ajunge în mare	SUA va distruge stocul de arme chimice siriene pe mare	Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea	US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
2.6	Președinte pentru încheierea timpurie a Parteneriatului Eco cu Sri Lanka	Premierul Pakistanului își dorește legături economice mai puternice cu Sri Lanka	President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
0.0	Trei au fost eliberați în urma probelor din cazul abuzului din centru	Clădire cu trei etaje se prăbușește în Ebute Meta	Three freed in centre abuse probe	Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
4.4	Bombă explodează la un centru comercial grec, două persoane rănite	Bombă explodează la un centru comercial din Atena, 2 răniți	Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured	Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded
3.0	Șase australieni decedați într-un accident aviatic în Laos	Zeci de oameni morți într-un accident aviatic în Laos	Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash	Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
4.2	Trei morți, inclusiv atacatorul, în urma împușcăturilor din centrul comercial din Maryland	3 morți în urma împușcăturilor din centrul comercial din Maryland	Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting	3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
3.4	ONU confirmă că Siria a folosit gaz sarin în lupte	„Crimă de război”: ONU confirmă că Siria a folosit gaz sarin în atacul cu arme chimice	UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack	War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
3.2	"7 oameni uciși într-un accident al unui camion ""monstru"""	"6 morți într-un accident cu un camion ""monstru"" din Mexic"	7 killed in monster truck crash	6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash
3.25	Merkel concurează pentru un al treilea mandat în alegerile din Germania	Merkel câștigă detașat în alegerile din Germania	Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
3.8	Fostul guvernator al Virginiei, Bob McDonnell, a fost acuzat de corupție	Fostul guvernator al Virginiei, Bob McDonnell, și soția sa acuzați de corupție	Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption	Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption
3.4	Alergătorii Tyson Gay și Asafa Powell au fost testați pozitiv pentru substanțe interzise	Alergătorul american Tyson Gay testat pozitive pentru substanțe interzise	Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance	US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
1.8	CENC: Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,3 lovește Honshu, Japonia	CENC: Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6,0 zguduie Insulele Santa Cruz	6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC
3.8	Pakistanul va elibera prizonierul taliban afgan de rang înalt	Pakistanul va elibera sâmbătă comandantul principal al talibanilor	Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
5.0	Curtea din Egipt dispune eliberarea lui Mubarak	Curtea Egiptului ordonă eliberarea lui Mubarak	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
1.8	Anchetatorii americani așteaptă interogarea atentatorului cu bombă din Boston care a fost arestat	Poliția converge pe străzi în căutarea suspectului atacului cu bombă din Boston	American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber	Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
1.75	10 morți, cinci răniți într-un accident rutier din sud-vestul Chinei	1 mort, 39 răniți într-un accident rutier din estul Chinei	10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident
4.2	Bollywoodul reduce costurile cu o treime pe măsură ce prăbușirea rupiei se face resimțită	Bollywood reduce costurile pe măsură ce criza rupiei se face resimțită	Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites	Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
5.0	Femeile se vor confrunta cu prime de asigurare auto mai mari	Femeile șoferi se vor confrunta cu creșterea primei de asigurare	Women to face higher car insurance premiums	Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
3.2	Tornadele răvășesc vestul mijlociu al SUA, ucigând 6 persoane și devastând cartiere întregi	Tornade și furtuni distructive au lovit vestul mijlociu al SUA, ucigând 5 persoane	Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5
0.8	China oferă autorităților de reglementare americane acces la înregistrările de audit	China se opune vânzării de arme americane către Taiwan	China gives US regulators access to audit records	China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
2.0	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în creștere cu 0,26 la sută	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în creștere cu 0,11%	Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
4.8	Iran, agenție atomică în primele discuții de la alegerea lui Rowhani	AIEA și Iran vor purta primele discuții pe teme nucleare de la alegerile lui Rohani	Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election	IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election
5.0	Noul premier al Chinei respinge afirmațiile americane de hacking	Premierul Chinei Li respinge acuzațiile americane „nefondate” de hacking	China's new PM rejects US hacking claims	China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations
2.6	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pledează nevinovat la acuzațiile de atac cu bombă din Boston	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev a fost acuzat în atacul cu bombă de la maratonul din Boston	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
2.8	Imagini ale zilei: 7 august 2013	Fotografia zilei	Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Picture of the Day
3.4	Fiul generalului chinez primește 10 ani de închisoare pentru viol	Fiul cântăreților din armata chineză primește 10 ani de închisoare pentru viol în grup	Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape
0.0	Poliția din Prince George îl caută pe șoferul mașinii care a ucis un copil în accident	Poliția caută suspecții în împușcăturile de la parada de Ziua Mamei din New Orleans	P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child	Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting
1.4	Egiptul va organiza alegeri prezidențiale înainte de votarea parlamentară	Președintele interimar al Egiptului investește noul cabinet	Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls	Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
1.0	Pentagonul ajustează planurile pentru atacuri mai intense asupra Siriei	Papa mulțumește publicului că s-a alăturat privegherii sale pentru Siria	Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria	Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
5.0	Timorul de Est interzice cluburile de arte marțiale pe fondul crimelor	Timorul de Est interzice școlile de arte marțiale pe fondul crimelor	East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
2.6	Legiuitorii afgani aprobă noua lege electorală	Președintele afgan aprobă noua lege electorală	Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new electon law
4.8	În Pakistan, armata este hotărâtă să lupte împotriva celorlalți talibani	Armata pakistaneză este fermă în lupta cu ceilalți talibani	In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban	Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
1.4	Armata egipteană trece la atacul răpitorilor	Morsi din Egipt exclude discuțiile pe măsură ce apare un videoclip cu ostatici	Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers	Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
2.8	Sud-africanii jelesc în timp ce Mandela este înmormântat	Africa de Sud organizează înmormântări de stat pentru Mandela	South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried	South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
3.0	Martorii aud „explozii puternice” la maratonul din Boston	Raportarea a două explozii la linia de sosire a maratonului Boston	Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
2.8	Cuvinte încrucișate criptice - sâmbătă, 27 aprilie	Cuvinte încrucișate - sâmbătă, 27 aprilie	Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April	Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
1.2	Căpitanul Costa Concordia va fi judecat pentru omucidere	Supraviețuitorii din Costa Concordia detaliază experiența un an mai târziu	Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter	Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
4.6	Ministerul israelian critică avertismentul de boicot al lui Kerry	Ministerul israelian critică avertismentul de boicot al lui Kerry	Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning	Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning
2.8	Mătușa Angelinei Jolie moare de cancer la sân	Angelina Jolie și adevărul complex despre cancerul de sân	Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer	Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
5.0	Suu Kyi din Myanmar îndeamnă la unitatea partidului în mijlocul certurilor	Suu Kyi îndeamnă la unitatea partidului în mijlocul certurilor	Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
3.0	10 lucruri de știut pentru miercuri	10 lucruri de știut pentru astăzi	10 Things to Know for Wednesday	10 Things to Know for Today
4.4	Casa Albă și contractanții din domeniul apărării discută despre prejudiciului reducerii automate a cheltuielilor	Casa Albă și firmele de apărare discută reducerile automate ale cheltuielilor	White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
3.8	Hugo Chavez al Venezuelei moare de cancer	Președintele venezuelean Hugo Chavez moare de cancer la 58 de ani	Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
4.0	Fostul președinte zambian arestat	Fostul președinte al Zambiei, Rupiah Banda, a fost arestat	Former Zambian president arrested	Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested
4.2	Senatul SUA o confirmă pe Yellen drept următorul președinte al Rezervei federale	Senatul SUA o confirmă pe Janet Yellen ca noul șef al băncii centrale	US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
1.0	26 de prizonieri palestinieni eliberați dintr-o închisoare israeliană	Prizonier palestinian moare de cancer, tulburări în închisorile din Israel	26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison	Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails
4.0	Acțiunile din Asia în creștere după o serie de date optimiste	Piețele asiatice se ridică ca urmare a datelor puternice cu privire la locurile de muncă din SUA	Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data	Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
2.8	17 morți, 133 răniți în atacuri cu bombă în nordul Irakului	15 morți, 90 răniți în atacuri noi în Irak	17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
4.2	Ofițerul rănit în protestele anti-viol din India a murit	Polițistul indian rănit în urma unui protest împotriva violului în grup a murit	Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies	Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
2.6	Remarcile asupra salvării Ciprului alarmează piețele	De ce salvarea Ciprului nu este altceva decât un nonsens obișnuit în zona euro	Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets	Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
4.2	Facțiunea o numește pe Bianca Ojukwu ca lider național al APGA	Bianca Ojukwu devine liderul național al APGA	Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader	Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
4.8	SUA nu pot „determina cu exactitate” utilizarea armelor chimice în Siria	SUA nu vede dovezi concludente ale utilizării armelor chimice de către Siria	US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria	U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
0.2	Doisprezece oameni uciși în urma unui atac al unor trăgători asupra unui sat	Cinci oameni uciși în explozii în India	Twelve killed as gunmen raid village	Five Killed in Blasts in India
1.4	Egiptul închide ziarul Frăției Musulmane	Egipt: șef adjunct al Frăției Musulmane arestat	Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
3.0	Un cutremur puternic în vestul Chinei a ucis 47 de persoane	Un cutremur puternic în vestul Chinei ucide cel puțin 75 de persoane	Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people	Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
5.0	Snowden îi mulțumește Rusiei pentru azil	Snowden îi mulțumește Rusiei pentru acordarea azilului	Snowden thanks Russia for asylum	Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
4.2	Senatul o confirmă pe Yellen ca șef al Rezervei federale	Senatul SUA o confirmă pe Yellen drept următorul președinte al Rezervei federale	Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head	US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair
3.8	Forțele franceze capturează un oraș cheie din Mali	Forțele franceze preiau un oraș cheie	French forces take key Mali town	French forces seize key town
5.0	Suspectul de atac cu bombă din Boston îngropat în Virginia	Suspectul atacului cu bombă din Boston îngropat în cimitirul din Virginia	Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
1.6	O tornadă „mare și extrem de periculoasă” se îndreaptă spre Oklahoma City	Mamă și bebelușul ei printre cele cinci persoane ucise în timp ce tornadele mătură prin zona Oklahoma City	Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City	Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
0.8	Drama ostaticilor continuă după împușcăturile din autobuzul școlar din Alabama	Nevada: 2 morți, 2 răniți în urma împușcăturilor dintr-un gimnaziu	Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
1.8	Președintele palestinian desemnează un cadru academic pentru a forma guvernul Cisiordaniei	Președintele palestinian vrea ca israelienii să discute despre pace	Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
3.6	Pakistaneza Malala părăsește spitalul pentru a aștepta intervenția chirurgicală	Malala părăsește spitalul britanic	Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery	Malala leaves British hospital
4.0	doi găsiți morți în piscina unui hotel din Essex	Bărbat și femeie găsiți morți în piscina hotelului din Essex	two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
3.2	Pakistanul condamnă atacul cu drone american în zona Shawal	Pakistanul condamnă atacul cu drone american din Miranshah	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
0.0	Locuitorii se întorc la locul exploziei din Texas	Locuitorii se întorc în Fallujah	Residents return to Texas blast site	Residents return to Fallujah
4.2	Africa de Sud se roagă pentru Nelson Mandela	Africa de Sud se unește în rugăciune și cântece pentru Nelson Mandela	South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela	South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
4.2	Iranianul Ahmadinejad ar putea fi acuzat de apariția la alegeri cu un ajutor	Ahmadinejad ar putea fi acuzat de apariția la alegeri	Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
0.0	Miliband se angajează să crească salariul minim	Portugalia-China vor consolida legăturile de cercetare științifică	Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage	Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
2.6	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în scădere cu 0,44%	Acțiunile din Singapore închid în creștere cu 0,5%	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
0.0	Lunetist așteaptă rezultatul contestației	Noi glorii pentru China în încercarea de reînnoire	Sniper waiting for result of appeal	New glories for China in striving for renewal
3.2	Acțiunile Apple au căzut puternic dupa dezamăgirea iPhone	Acțiunile Apple scad cu 11% după câștiguri dezamăgitoare	Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment	Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment
3.0	UE reînnoiește sancțiunile împotriva Zimbabwe	UE ridică sancțiunile cu privire la diamantele din Zimbabwe	EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe	EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
1.4	teritoriul palestinian ocupat: palestinienii resping planul discuțiilor de pace ale SUA	teritoriul palestinian ocupat: palestinienii se confruntă cu un traseu către nicăieri	occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint	occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere
1.8	Proprietari și alții acuzați în cazul incendiului de la fabrica din Bangladesh	50 de supraviețuitori găsiți în fabrica din Bangladesh	Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire	50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
3.4	Egiptul va atrage investitorii din Golf	Egiptul încearcă să ademenească investitorii ...	Egypt set to lure Gulf investors	Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
3.4	SUA-Rusia ajung la un acord asupra Siriei	SUA-Rusia ajung la un acord cu privire la armele Siriei	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
1.8	Palestinienii și Iordania coordonează pozițiile privind discuțiile de pace	Senior al Hamas neagă Gaza, autoritatea palestiniană coordonată în cadrul negocierilor de pace	Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks	Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks
0.0	Votarea a fost anulată în trei provincii în timpul alegerilor tensionate thailandeze	Opoziția cambodgiană respinge victoria lui Hun Sen la alegeri	Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election	Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
4.0	Obama anulează întâlnirea de la Moscova cu Putin	Obama a anulat întâlnirea cu Putin	Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin	Obama canceled meeting with Putin
3.6	KLCI Futures a tranzacționat mixt la jumătatea zilei	Acțiunile KL sunt mixte la jumătatea zilei	KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day	KL shares mixed at mid-day
2.8	Presupus atac american cu drone ucide 5 persoane în Pakistan	Atac cu drone american ucide cel puțin zece oameni în Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan
2.0	Curtea Egiptului dispune eliberarea lui Mubarak	Tribunalul din Egipt respinge cererea de eliberare a lui Mubarak	Egypt court orders Mubarak release	Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
4.0	Hollande „amenință acțiunea în justiție” după acuzațiile de aventură	François Hollande amenință că va acționa în justiție în legătură cu acuzele de aventură	Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations	François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
3.0	Exilații iranieni au raportat decese în tabăra din Irak	Cel puțin 47 de exilați iranieni uciși în tabăra irakiană Ashraf	Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp	At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf
2.0	„Blade Runner” Pistorius va contesta acuzația de crimă	Polițist în cazul Pistorius acuzat cu șapte tentative de crimă	Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge	Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
2.25	Forțele israeliene au arestat 2 oameni în raidul din Hebron	Credibilitatea israeliană în joc cu privire la provocarea nucleară a Iranului	Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid	Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
1.4	Egiptenii votează asupra constituției susținute de islamiști	„Un judecător la urne îi insturieste pe alegători în votul constituției Egiptului”	Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution	Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
0.0	Mexicul își oficiază președintele pe fondul protestelor violente	Fostul guvernator din New Mexico, Richardson, urgentează interdicția de testare din Coreea de Nord	Mexico swears in president amid violent protests	Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
4.0	Elicopter se prăbușește lângă gara din Londra	Un elicopter se prăbușește în Londra	Helicopter crashes near rail station in London	Helicopter crashes in London
3.8	Capitala indoneziană se roagă pentru un sistem de metrou care ar ușura traficul haotic	"Jakarta ""se roagă"" pentru un sistem de metrou care ar ușura traficul haotic"	Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
4.0	Avioane japoneze au zburat în noua zonă de apărare a Chinei	Avioanele militare japoneze și coreene sfidează noua zonă de apărare a Chinei	Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone	Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone
1.2	Supraviețuitorii taifunului iau cu asalt magazinele filipineze	Taifunul Bopha ucide 15 oameni în Filipine	Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores	Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
3.2	Mașină capcană rănește 15 în fortăreața Hezbollah din Liban	Mașină capcană zguduie fortăreața Hezbollah din Liban	Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon	Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
0.6	RF FM solicită opoziției siriene să asiste la eliberarea imediată a tuturor străinilor capturați în Siria	Candidatul opoziției din Coreea de Sud acoperă decalajul din sondaje	RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria	S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
0.6	Cinci morți, 40 dispăruți în dezastrul feroviar din Canada	8 morți, 11 dispăruți în alunecarea de teren din sud-vestul Chinei	Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide
4.6	Senatul SUA o confirmă pe Janet Yellen în funcția de șef al Rezervei Federale SUA	Senatul o confirmă pe Janet Yellen ca următoarea președintă a Rezervei Federale	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
3.4	Khan Said a fost numit noul lider al talibanilor pakistanezi după ce Hakimullah Mehsud a fost ucis într-un atac cu drone	Șeful talibanilor pakistanezi Hakimullah Mehsud a fost ucis într-un atac cu drone	Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
2.2	Cel puțin 66 de oameni uciși în explozii cauzate de bombe în Irak	Cel puțin 47 ucisi în explozii Baquba	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
1.0	Rusia distruge peste 75% din stocul său de arme chimice	Marea Britanie găsește dovezi cum că Assad ar fi folosit arme chimice	Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile	Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
0.6	Numarul victimelor în curtremurul din Iran in creștere	Numărul morților în rândul ostaticilor din Algeria crește	Iran earthquake death toll rises	Algeria hostage death toll rises
0.8	Suarez pregătit pentru a reveni în Cupă	Francezii pregătiți de lupte terestre în Mali	Suarez set for Cup comeback	French set for Mali ground combat
0.6	Echipa Maldivelor în India va supraveghea o alegere	Începe mărturia în procesul fostului ministru de externe Liberman	Maldives team in India to observe an election	Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
3.2	Numărul morților crește la 6, pe măsură ce furtuna Xaver lovește nordul Europei	Numărul morților în urma furtunii crește pe măsură ce vântul și ploaia lovesc nordul Europei	Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe	Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe
3.6	Pakistanul eliberează un prizonier taliban afgan de rang superior	Pakistanul eliberează șapte luptători talibani afgani	Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
2.2	Reacții mixte față de căsătoriile homosexuale din Noua Zeelandă	Noua Zeelandă legalizează căsătoria între persoane de același sex	Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage	New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
3.8	Prezentatorul meteo la TV, Fred Talbot, a fost arestat din cauza unor acuzații de abuz sexual	Prezentatorul meteo Fred Talbot a fost reținut pentru „abuz sexual”	TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims	Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
3.0	Atac cu drone american ucide 5 persoane în Pakistan	Atac pakistanez cu drone ucide cel puțin șase persoane	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
3.0	Clădire se prăbușește în India; se crede că 25 sunt blocați	Prăbușirea clădirii din India ucide 14; zeci de blocați	Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped	India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped
1.2	Shebab din Somalia își asumă răspunderea pentru atacul din centrul comercial din Nairobi	Rebelii sirieni își asumă responsabilitatea pentru uciderile din Liban	Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack	Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
4.0	Trupele siriene avansează într-un oraș strategic deținut de rebeli	Armata siriană avansează cu atacul asupra unui oraș deținut de rebeli	Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town	Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
2.8	Israelul este de acord să elibereze prizonierii palestinieni	Israelul eliberează încă 26 de prizonieri palestinieni	Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
3.6	Zeci de morți în ciocnirile izbucnite la mitingul lui Morsi din Cairo	Peste 70 de morți în ciocnirile de la mitingurile lui Morsi din Egipt	Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
4.8	Protestatarii opoziției thailandeze încep închiderea Bangkokului	Protestatarii thailandezi lansează „închiderea” Bangkokului	Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown	Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
3.8	Conductorul spaniol al trenului implicat în accidentul feroviar va fi audiat	Conductorul spaniol Garzon va fi audiat de judecător	Spanish train crash driver to be questioned	Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
4.0	Franța salută progresul după acordul SUA-Rusia privind armele siriene	Franța salută acordul SUA-Rusia privind Siria	France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
4.0	Soldat ISAF ucis în „atacul din interior” afgan	Soldat britanic împușcat mortal în urma unui „atac din interior” afgan	ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’
3.4	Aproximativ 60 de persoane strivite în învălmășeala din Coasta de Fildeș	61 de morți în învălmășeala din Coasta de Fildeș	About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede	61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
2.8	Căutările în cazul prăbușirii elicopterului din Glasgow se încheie	Prăbușirea elicopterului din Glasgow: Cel puțin șase morți	Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead
1.2	Trei morți în urma unui atac cu bombă la maraton în S.U.A.	Talibanii neagă implicarea în atacul cu bombă de la maratonul din Boston	Three dead in US marathon bomb	Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
5.0	Turistă elvețiană violată în grup în India	Turistă elvețiană violată în grup în India	Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
2.8	India se pregătește pentru a rezista unui ciclon masiv	India emite alertă roșie pentru ciclonul Phailin	India Braces for Massive Cyclone	India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin
3.4	Se crede că măsurile disciplinare luate față de studentul ucigaș ar fi provocat împușcăturile din Colorado	Măsurile disciplinare față de student considerate a fi motivul cheie	Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting	Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
1.2	Numeroase persoane ucise în urma prăbușirii unui tunel rutier din Japonia	Numeroase persoane ucise într-un atac aerian sirian	Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse	Many killed in Syrian air strike
3.8	Niciun plan de a închide pompele de benzină noaptea spune Moily	Guvernul Indiei respinge propunerea de a închide pompele de benzină noaptea	No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily	India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
3.8	Clinton urmează să depună mărturie luna aceasta asupra atacului din Benghazi	Clinton se întoarce la lucru, intenționează să depună mărturie despre atacul din Benghazi	Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack	Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack
0.6	Zeci de mii de ucraineni protestează la Kiev	Zeci de mii se adună pentru a vota în Bhutan	Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv	Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
3.6	Karzai urmează să viziteze Pakistanul pentru negocierile de pace ale talibanilor	Președintele afgan extinde vizita în Pakistan pentru discuții cu talibanii	Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks	Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
4.0	Hoții fură scaunul cu rotile personalizat al înotătorului Canalului Mânecii	Hoții fură scaunul cu rotile al înotătorului Canalului Mânecii	Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair	Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair
4.6	Trei morți în urma unui accident rutier în Tiananmen	Trei ucisi într-un accident rutier în Piața Tiananmen	Three die after car crash at Tiananmen	Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
2.2	Acțiunile din Singapore deschid în scădere vineri	Acțiunile din Singapore deschid în creștere joi	Singapore shares open lower on Friday	Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
2.6	Obama se angajează să reanimeze economia	Obama presează Congresul să ia măsuri economice	Obama pledges to reignite economy	Obama to press Congress to act on economy
2.4	Două cutremure au lovit nord-vestul Chinei, 11 morți	Cutremure gemene ucid 89 de persoane în China	Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead	Twin quakes kill 89 in China
3.2	„Whitey” Bulger a primit două termene consecutive de condamnare pe viață	Whitey Bulger primește închisoare viață pentru fraude, crime	Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms	Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings
5.0	Forțele kenyene au provocat prăbușirea mall-ului	Un oficial spune că forțele kenyene au provocat prăbușirea mall-ului	Kenyan forces caused mall collapse	Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
1.4	Misiunile pakistaneze din Emiratele Arabe Unite se pregătesc pentru alegeri	Partidele islamiste din Egipt se unesc pentru alegeri	Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections	Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
3.0	Numărul victimelor din Bangladesh în urma dezastrului clădirii depășește 500	Prăbușirea clădirii din Bangladesh: numărul victimelor urcă la 580	Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500	Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580
3.8	Criza ostaticilor din Algeria se încheie; numărul victimelor este neclar	Criza ostaticilor din Algeria se termină într-o baie de sânge	Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear	Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
2.8	Ministerul Egiptului solicită din nou încetarea protestelor pro-Morsi	Egipt: Copil ucis în ciocnirile din Cairo după protestul pro-Morsi	Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests	Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
3.2	Mandela din Africa de Sud a fost dus la spital	Africa de Sud: Mandela rămâne în spital	South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
3.0	Yuanul Chinei se apreciază la 6.2689 față de USD	Yuanul Chinei se apreciază la un nou maxim față de USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
2.2	Poliția interogează persoana implicată în accidentul letal cu mașina de pe faleza din LA	Polițiștii arestează suspectul atacului letal cu mașina din LA	Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash	Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
3.0	Poliția turcească antirevoltă trage cu gaze lacrimogene în protestatarii din Piața Taksim	Poliția turcească antirevoltă intră în Piața Taksim	Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
5.0	Împușcăturile din Chicago Arată o Lipsă în Acțiunile Intensificate ale Poliției	Împușcăturile din Chicago arată o lipsă în acțiunile intensificate ale poliției	Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
0.0	Oficiali federali solicită obligativitatea comunicării mașină-la-mașină a informațiilor de siguranță	Guatemala anulează condamnarea de genocid a fostului dictator	Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
1.2	Coreea de Nord refuză oferta de a purta discuții	Coreea de Nord lansează 2 rachete	North Korea shuns offer of talks	North Korea shoots 2 rockets
5.0	Prințul Charles „îl compară pe Putin cu Hitler”	Prințul Charles „îl compară pe Vladimir Putin cu Adolf Hitler”	Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
0.0	Iranul avertizează împotriva intervenției militare în Irak	Explozie lângă aeroportul militar din Damasc	Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	Explosion near Damascus military airport
1.2	Prim-ministrul Israelului îl acuză pe președintele Iranului de ipocrizie	Prim-ministrul grec acuză coaliția de ipocrizie	Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
2.8	Confruntări între poliție și tineri din Cairo după protestul anti-Morsi	Egipt: confruntări între poliție și protestatarii pro-Morsi	Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
2.4	Diplomați de top se întâlnesc în München într-un moment critic	Diplomați de top discută despre programul nuclear al Iranului	Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
1.2	Ecuador i-a încredințat lui Snowden „un document de refugiat”	Snowden pregătit să zboare din Moscova	Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
2.2	Mesajul președintelui NA de Ziua Mondială a Libertății Presei	Pakistanul marchează Ziua Mondială a Libertății Presei	NA President's message on the World Press Freedom Day	Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
3.6	Miniștrii de externe ai UE vor discuta despre embargoul asupra armelor din Siria	Miniștrii de externe ai UE caută o soluție pentru armele din Siria	EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
3.6	Numărul victimelor cutremurului din Filipine crește la 185	Numărul victimelor cutremurului din Filipine crește la 144	Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
4.0	Acțiuni de urmărit la închiderea de luni	Acțiuni de urmărit luni	Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch on Monday
3.2	Avioanele armatei ucid 38 de militanți în raidurile aeriene din nord vestul Pakistanului	Dronă americană ucide 4 militanți în Pakistan	Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
4.0	Poliția egipteană trage gaze lacrimogene asupra protestatarilor din Cairo	Poliția folosește gaze lacrimogene asupra protestatarilor din Cairo	Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
1.4	Filipine arestează al doilea senator pentru corupție	Filipine își revine după un puternic taifun	Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
1.4	Trimisul german optimist cu privire la discuțiile Iran-G5 + 1	Iranul este „rezervat optimist” cu privire la viitoarele discuții nucleare	German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
4.6	Renumitul chitarist spaniol de flamenco Paco De Lucia a murit	Chitaristul spaniol de flamenco Paco de Lucia moare la 66 de ani	Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
2.0	Spărgătorul de gheață își modifică traiectoria către obiectele suspecte	Avion de căutare chinez descoperă „obiecte suspecte”	Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
5.0	Snowden se lovește de obstacole în căutare de azil politic	Obstacolele întâlnite de Snowden în căutarea azilului politic	Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
2.8	Numărul victimelor în prăbușirea clădirii din sudul Indiei se ridică la 47	4 morți în prăbușirea clădirii din sudul Indiei	Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India
1.4	Pakistanul impune interzicerea temporară a 2 canale TV	Pakistanul anulează dosarul împotriva agentului FBI	Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels	Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
1.0	Prizonierii palestinieni ajung la Muqata în Ramallah	Prizonier pakistanez agresat în închisoarea Jammu	Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
1.0	10 morți, cinci răniți în accidentul rutier din sud-vestul Chinei	5 răniți în accidentul rutier din orașul Gaza	10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
1.8	Junta thailandeză adună forțele de securitate pentru a înăbuși protestele din Bangkok	Forțele de securitate ale juntei thailandeze rămân în cazarme pe măsură ce protestele se diminuează	Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
0.2	Aso refuză să demisioneze în urma comentariilor naziste	Primul ministru spaniol refuză să demisioneze pe seama scandalului de corupție	Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
2.0	Exploziile au ucis 29 de persoane în exteriorul a două moschei din Tripoli, Liban	2 explozii zdruncină un oraș din nordul Libanului	Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
1.6	Avioane de vânătoare pakistaneze bombardează „ascunzătorile talibanilor”	Pakistanul dorește oprirea aprovizionării cu arme către părțile siriene	Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
3.0	Oameni înarmați ucid opt persoane în al doilea atac din Kenya	Oameni înarmați „ucid 15 persoane” în al doilea atac din Kenya	Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
2.4	SUA reia căutarea marinarilor britanici dispăruți	Garda de Coastă SUA suspendă căutarea marinarilor britanici dispăruți	U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
3.0	Atacurile irakiene cu bombă ucid cel puțin 13 persoane	O mașină capcană irakiană ucide cel puțin 14 persoane în apropierea unei biserici	Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
2.4	Forțele Egiptului vor bloca accesul la taberele de protestatari Morsi	Forțele egiptene se mobilizează pentru a elimina taberele de protestatari pro-Morsi	Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
5.0	Autoarea Nobel Doris Lessing moare la 94 de ani	Laureata Premiului Nobel Doris Lessing moare la 94 de ani	Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
0.0	Șeful partidului de opoziție din Japonia critică politicile economice ale lui Abe	Partidul de opoziție MDC din Zimbabwe contestă victoria lui Robert Mugabe în alegeri	Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe's opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe's election win
4.8	3 suspecți arestați în cazul atacului cu bombă din Boston	Poliția din Boston spune că 3 au fost arestați în atacul cu bombă de la maraton	3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
2.4	Șeful opoziției din Ucraina dorește mai multe proteste	Protestatarii din Ucraina au răsturnat statuia lui Lenin	Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
1.0	Regina îi aduce un omagiu lui Nelson Mandela	Frăția de rugby din Africa de Sud îl plânge pe Mandela	Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
0.4	Scădere moderată pe piețele bursiere din SUA	Vânzarea tehnologică a dus la scăderea acțiunilor asiatice	Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
2.6	1 mort și 10 răniți în cea mai recentă violență anti-musulmană din Birmania	Știri internaționale | Asia, Myanmar: izbucnesc violențe antimusulmane	Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
3.8	5 persoane au fost ucise în urma unui presupus atac american cu drone în Pakistan	5 persoane au fost ucise într-un atac american cu drone în Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
2.0	"Recomandările ""obligatoriu"" de citit ale The Note pentru vineri, 24 mai 2013"	"Recomandările ""obligatoriu"" de citit ale The Note pentru marți, 29 octombrie 2013"	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
0.6	22 de morți într-un accident minier în sud-vestul Chinei	2 morți, zeci de răniți într-o explozie în sud-vestul Pakistanului	22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
4.8	Acțiunea poliției din New York de pe Twitter se întoarce grav împotriva sa	Campania de pe Twitter a poliției din New York se întoarce împotriva sa	NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
5.0	Operațiunea de căutare a turcilor s-a încheiat cu găsirea ultimilor mineri dispăruți	Operațiunea de căutare a turcilor s-a încheiat cu găsirea ultimilor mineri dispăruți	Turkish search ends as last missing miners found	Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
1.4	Iranul anticipează eșecul negocierilor de pace dintre israelieni și palestinieni	S-a ajuns la un acord provizoriu pentru reluarea negocierilor israeliano-palestiniene cu SUA	Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks	Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
4.4	Olivia Colman câștigă al doilea premiu BAFTA	Premiile Bafta 2013: Olivia Colman primește două premii	Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
3.8	Vioara de pe Titanic vândută cu prețul record de 1.7 milioane de dolari	Vioara de pe Titanic vândută cu 1.7 milioane de dolari	Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.7 Million	Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
5.0	Lui Ankeet Chavan i s-a acordat eliberarea condiționată pe cauțiune pentru căsătorie	Ankeet Chavan eliberat pe cauțiune pentru a se putea căsători	Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
3.0	Prima comandă a JAL de la Airbus este lovitură dată lui Boeing	Japan Airlines comandă 31 de avioane Airbus A350 evaluate la 9,5 miliarde de dolari	JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
3.0	Sienna Miller depune mărturie la procesul de hacking a telefoanelor din Marea Britanie	Sienna Miller atacă presa în legătură cu rapoartele „erotice” la procesul de hacking	Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
2.6	Israelieni atacă 2 palestinieni în zona Ierusalimului	Localnicii i-au bătut pe palestinieni în Ierusalim	Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
0.4	UE prelungește sancțiunile împotriva Rusiei	Nigeria renunță la acuzațiile de trafic de arme aduse marinarilor ruși	EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
0.0	Cuba consideră investițiile străine ca având „un rol major”	Parlamentul votează planul de reluare a activității guvernului	"Cuba sees ""major role"" for foreign investment"	House set to vote on plan to reopen government
3.4	Starul din „Glee”, Cory Monteith, găsit mort în camera de hotel	Cory Monteith găsit mort: starul canadian din serialul „Glee” avea doar 31 de ani	‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
4.6	Prim-ministrul Libanului formează un cabinet de „unitate națională”: Prim-ministrul Libanului a format un cabinet la mai mult de 10 luni de la preluarea mandatului, incluzând diverse grupări politice și aplanând disensiunile serioase dintre ele	Beirut: Prim-ministrul Libanului a format ieri un cabinet, la mai mult de 10 luni de la preluarea mandatului, incluzând diverse grupări politice ale căror disensiuni severe sunt pe final	Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
0.6	Președintele iranian debutează pe scena mondială	Candidatul la președinția Iranului spune că sancțiunile occidentale ar trebui încălcate	Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
0.0	Cameron nu este îngrijorat în legătură cu carnea halal	Cercetările confirmă mușamalizarea întârzierilor în îngrijirea veteranilor	Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
4.6	Cel mai bătrân om din lume moare la 116 ani	Cel mai bătrân om din lume dintotdeaun,a moare la vârsta de 116 ani	World's oldest man dies at 116	World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
0.0	Raportul Congresului arată întârzieri ale GM privind rechemarea mașinilor	Congres mondial al telefoniei mobile privind smartphone-ul viitorului	GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone
2.8	Bilanțul morților atentatului cu bombă din Liban a ajuns la 47	1 suspect arestat după ce explozia unei mașini capcană din Lebanon a ucis 45 de oameni	Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
5.0	Liderul de extremă dreapta grec închis, în așteptarea procesului	Liderul de extremă dreapta grec închis, în așteptarea procesului	Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
3.2	Patronii unei fabrici din Bangladesh au fost arestați după ce numărul morților se apropie de 350	Patronii unei fabrici din Bangladesh au fost arestați	Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	Bangladesh factory owners arrested
3.2	4 soldați egipteni uciși în ambuscada din Sinai	3 soldați egipteni uciși în explozia unei mașini capcană din Sinai	4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
2.4	Portavionul Beijingului se întoarce din Marea Chinei de Sud	China trimite un portavion în Marea Chinei de Sud	Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea
1.8	Instanțele din Egipt audiază cazuri împotriva lui Mubarak și a islamiștilor	Instanța judecătorească din Egipt îl eliberează temporar pe Mubarak în procesul câștigurilor ilicite	Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
2.6	Succesul Moscovei în Crimeea ar putea duce la redesenarea frontierei de est a Ucrainei	Merkel: acțiunile rusești ar putea duce la o catastrofă	Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
5.0	Nelson Mandela moare la 95 de ani	Nelson Mandela moare la vârsta de 95 de ani	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
4.2	Regele belgian Albert al II-lea va renunța la tron în favoarea fiului său	Regele Albert al II-lea al Belgiei va abdica	Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
4.8	Șef al Gestapo-ului „îngropat în cimitir evreiesc”	Comandant nazist îngropat în cimitir evreiesc	Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'	Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetery
4.6	Elvețienii au votat pentru cel mai mare salariu minim	Elvețienii au votat cel mai mare salariu minim din lume	Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
5.0	Kevin Rudd a fost învestit în funcția de prim-ministru al Australiei	Rudd a depus jurământul de învestire în funcția de prim-ministru al Australiei	Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister	Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
0.8	Protestatarii din regiunea Donețk capturează camioane care transportă muniții de rachete guvernamentale	Vino și ia-mă, spune liderul protestului thailandez în timp ce revoltele anti-guvern iau amploare	Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
4.2	Starul din Easy Rider, Karen Black, moare la 74 de ani	Actrița din Easy Rider, Karen Black, moare de cancer	Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
1.2	Bill Roache din Coronation Street a fost arestat	Starurile din Coronation Street sunt încântate de un nou platou de filmare „uimitor”	Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
4.4	Red Sox i-a învins pe Tigers ajungând în World Series	Red Sox a învins cu 5-2 Tigers ajungând în World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
2.8	Cel puțin 22 de morți în urma unui cutremur în China	Cel puțin 89 de morți în cutremurele din China	At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
0.2	Știrile sunt domeniul meu	Se lansează un nou iPad	News is my Business	A New iPad Is Coming
0.6	Bilanțul victimelor din accidentul de la Glasgow al unui elicopter se ridică la 9	Bilanțul morților în cutremur urcă la 260	Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	Earthquake death toll rises to 260
4.4	David Beckham se va retrage la finalul sezonului	David Beckham se retrage din fotbal	David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football
3.8	Afganistan: un atacator sinucigaș ucide opt persoane în explozia unui autobuz militar	Bombă plasată la marginea drumului „ucide opt soldați afgani”	Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
4.6	Președintele Coreei de Nord, Kim, salută execuția unui unchi influent	Președintele Coreei de Nord, Kim, aflat în spatele eliminării unui unchi influent	N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
1.4	UE și Myanmar depun eforturi pentru acordul de protecție a investițiilor	Sondaj: China nu mai este destinația de top a investițiilor	EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	China no longer top investment destination: poll
4.2	Editor al ziarului Tehelka implicat într-o escrocherie cu agresiuni sexuale	Editor al ziarului Tehelka demisionează din cauza acuzațiilor de agresiune sexuală	Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
4.6	Doamna de Fier Margaret Thatcher moare la 87 de ani	Fostul premier britanic, Margaret Thatcher, moare la 87 de ani	Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
2.2	Patru susținători ai lui Morsi uciși în confruntările violente din Egipt	Mii de susținători ai lui Morsi se adună în Egipt	Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
4.6	ONU condamnă uciderea etnicilor dintr-un oraș petrolier din Sudanul de Sud	ONU condamnă uciderea etnicilor din Sudanul de Sud	U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
2.6	Administrația renunță la apelul în cazul „pastila de a doua zi”	SUA va permite accesul la pastila de a doua zi tinerelor de orice vârstă	Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
3.0	Poliția trage cu gaz lacrimogen în protestatarii din Bangkok	Poliția trage cu gaz lacrimogen în protestatari	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police fire tear gas at protesters
3.6	Împușcături, proteste la votul din Thailanda	Protestatarii thailandezi perturbă votul în avans	Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
2.2	Cotațiile futures din China închid în scădere - 23 aprilie	Cotațiile futures din China închid în creștere - 4 decembrie	China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
0.8	Șapte filipinezi uciși într-un atac din Yemen	Soldați sirieni uciși într-un atac cu bombă	Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
1.4	Israelul încheie atacul aerian, palestinienii critică	Nave israeliene au deschis focul împotriva pescarilor palestinieni	Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
4.4	Protestatarii dărâmă statuia lui Lenin din Kiev	Protestatarii ucraineni dărâmă statuia lui Lenin din Kiev	Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
3.6	Iranul „dejoacă tentativele de sabotaj nuclear”	Iranul afirmă că a detectat urme de sabotaj la o centrală nucleară	Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
3.2	Yuanul chinezesc s-a apreciat față de dolarul american, ajungând marți la 6.1184	Yuanul chinezesc s-a apreciat față de dolarul american, ajungând luni la 6.168	China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
1.2	Protestatarii se adună în Brazilia în ciuda concesiilor	Protestele continuă în Ucraina în ciuda concesiilor	Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
4.2	Regina merge la locul unde soldatul londonez a fost atacat	Regina Elisabeta a II-a merge la cazarma soldatului britanic ucis săptămâna trecută	Queen visits London soldier attack scene	Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
4.2	Trupele din India și China se retrag la granița de facto, într-o înțelegere în ceea ce privește confruntarea	India declară că China e de acord să se retragă la granița de facto, într-o înțelegere în ceea ce privește confruntarea	India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
2.4	Stare de ușurare în Boston după ce al doilea suspect a fost arestat	Poliția confirmă cum a fost capturat suspectul	Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	Police confirm how suspect was captured
4.6	Armata siriană recucerește un castel al cruciaților de la rebeli	Armata siriană recucerește un castel al cruciaților	Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
5.0	Arabia Saudită va acorda armatei libaneze 3 miliarde de dolari	Arabia Saudită urmează să ofere armatei libaneze 3 milioane de dolari	Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
0.8	Angajați ai Crucii Roșii eliberați în Ucraina	Membri ai Crucii Roșii răpiți în Siria	Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
0.6	Emisarul Siriei spune că nu vor avea loc negocieri de pace fără participarea opoziției	Siria: Cameron și Obama mută Occidentul mai aproape de intervenție	Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
4.2	Regina va da numele celui mai mare portavion	Regina numește un portavion gigant	Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier
3.4	Militanți bengalezi evadează dintr-o dubă a poliției în urma unei ambuscade cu bombă	Dubiță a poliției din Bangladesh prinsă într-o ambuscadă	Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	Bangladesh prison van ambushed
3.4	Epava unui avion al companiei Air Algerie ce transporta 116 pasageri a fost găsită în Mali	Epava avionului AH5017 al companiei Air Algerie a fost găsită în Mali	Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
0.6	Palestinienii influenți solicită un singur stat democratic	Liga Arabă susține poziția palestiniană în negocierile de pace	Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
1.4	Zeci de morți în urma prăbușirii unui avion rusesc	Zece morți în urma prăbușirii unui avion în Alaska	Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
4.0	Retailerii americani sunt de acord cu pactul de siguranță a fabricilor din Bangladesh	70 de retaileri sunt de acord cu noul pact de siguranță a fabricilor din Bangladesh	U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
3.2	Update live - Începe sistarea activității guvernului american	Activitatea guvernamentală încetează în urma disputelor legate de sistemul de sănătate	US government shutdown begins - live updates	Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
3.0	Atentator sinucigaș ucide 14 oameni în Afganistan	Atentat sinucigaș soldat cu un mort în capitala afgană	Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
4.0	China trimite o sondă spațială și un rover pe lună	China lansează prima misiune spațială a unui rover selenar	China launches probe and rover to moon	China launches first moon rover mission
1.8	Toți ochii pe călătoria lui Khurshid	Miniștrii de finanțe din UE discută	All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...	EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
3.8	Australia reduce ratele la un nivel minim record	Australia reduce ratele dobânzilor la nivelul minim record de 2,75%	Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
3.2	Agenția chineză de presă acuză întârzieri în căutarea avionului	Zece nave chinezești în așteptare pentru căutarea avionului	Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
1.6	Rebus clasic - sâmbătă întâi iunie	Rebus clasic - sâmbătă douăzeci aprilie	Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
3.4	Coreea de Nord a afectuat noi teste balistice, lansând 30 de rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	Coreea de Nord lansează rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
5.0	Un diplomat palestinian a murit în urma exploziei din Praga	Diplomat palestinian ucis în explozia din Praga	Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
2.4	Un începător „a condus feribotul din Coreea de Sud”	Căpitanul feribotului sud coreean a fost arestat	Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	South Korea ferry captain arrested
1.6	Președintele Chinei se întâlnește cu vicepreședintele Indiei	Președintele Chinei se întâlnește cu secretarul de stat al Statelor Unite	Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
4.6	Tânăra Shereka Marsh ucisă în estul Londrei a fost împușcată în gât, a declarat poliția	Schimb de focuri în Hackney: tânăra Shereka Marsh „a sângerat până la moarte după ce a fost împușcată în gât”	Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
1.6	Bilanțul atacului din Nairobi urcă la 59	Numărul morților în urma violențelor din Egipt crește la 638	Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
4.0	Arca Păcii a Chinei pleacă joi în Filipine	China trimite ajutoare în Filipine	China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	China sends aid team to Philippines
0.0	Disidenți iranieni uciși în Irak	Franța își pierde influența în Europa	Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'	France loses influence in Europe
0.4	James Gandolfini moare la 51 de ani	Nelson Mandela moare la 95 de ani	James Gandolfini dies aged 51	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
4.2	Aproximativ nouă milioane de oameni îngropați în datorii	Bomba cu ceas a Marii Britanii: nouă milioane de oameni se confruntă cu datorii considerabile	Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
5.0	Update: Două explozii în apropierea liniei de sosire a maratonului din Boston	Au fost raportate două explozii la linia de sosire a maratonului din Boston	Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
1.0	Doisprezece morți în urma exploziei unei bombe într-un tren pakistanez	Cinci morți în urma unui atentat cu bombă în estul Indiei	Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Five killed by bomb blast in East India
4.8	Noul Război Rece	Un nou Război Rece?	The new Cold War	A new Cold War?
5.0	„Doamnele” din Cuba vor primi premiul UE cu 8 ani întârziere	„Doamnele” din Cuba vor primi premiul UE cu 8 ani întârziere	Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
0.6	Paisprezece morți în urma unui acident de autobuz în Brazilia	Accident de parașutism din Arizona soldat cu doi morți	Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident	Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
1.8	SUA: Assad a folosit arme chimice împotriva rebelilor sirieni	Assad este de acord să predea armele chimice	US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
3.4	Bilanțul morților în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri din Bangladesh ajunge la 194	Cel puțin 200 de morți în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri în Bangladesh	Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
2.8	Tineri israelieni dispăruți în Cisiordania	Israelul descoperă trupurile a trei adolescenți dați dispăruți în Cisiordania	Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
3.4	Președintele, în doliu după moartea lui Mandela	Lumea este în doliu din cauza decesului lui Mandela	President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela
3.2	Două explozii în apropierea ambasadei iraniene din Beirut soldate cu 7 morți	Explozie în apropierea ambasadei iraniene din Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
2.2	Acțiunile bursei din Singapore deschid luni cu o creștere de 0.31%	Acțiunile bursei din Singapore deschid luni în scădere	Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	Singapore shares open lower on Monday
2.4	Atentator sinucigaș ucide 23 de recruți ai armatei irakiene	Atentator sinucigaș ucide 23 de recruți ai armatei irakiene în Bagdad	Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
4.6	Clienții cu deficiențe de auz dau în judecată cafeneaua Starbucks deoarece susțin că au fost batjocoriți	Clienții Starbucks dau în judecată cafeneaua din NY deoarece susțin că au fost batjocoriți din cauza deficiențelor de auz	Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
4.8	Mii de oameni evacuați dintr-un metrou din Moscova din cauza unui incendiu	Mii de oameni evacuați dintr-un metrou din Moscova după izbucnirea unui incendiu	Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire	Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
0.4	38 de oameni uciși de ploi, viituri în Pakistan	Trei oameni au murit în Brazilia din cauza prăbușirii unui stadion	38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
3.0	Șapte oameni uciși de susținători ai șiiților houthi în nordul Yemenului	Cel puțin 5 morți în urma unui conflict sectar din nordul Yemenului	7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
0.4	ONU: Iranul a fost exclus din negocierile de pace din Siria	Numeroși morți în urma unui atac aerian sirian	Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN	Many killed in Syrian air strike
0.4	Kerry a cerut Congresului să pună capăt sistării activității guvernamentale	Congresul Braziliei aprobă legislația referitoare la internet	Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
1.0	Suspecții complotului ce viza un tren din Canada au respins acuzațiile	Canadienii eliberați în Egipt încă nu se pot întoarce acasă	Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
2.8	Separatiștii din Ucraina de est cer să fie anexați Rusiei	Parlamentul Crimeei votează pentru anexarea la Rusia	East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
0.0	Rudd a fost învestit în funcția de prim-ministru al Australiei	Musulmanii se ascund din cauza...sectei	Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
0.0	Rocile selenare indică faptul că satelitul Pământului s-a născut în urma unei coliziuni	Ministru indian decedat într-o coliziune frontală	Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
5.0	BlackBerry pierde 965 milioane de dolari în trimestrul II	BlackBerry pierde 965 milioane de dolari în trimestrul II	BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
1.6	Egiptul se opune ferm intervenției militare împotriva Siriei	Reacții la perspectiva unei acțiuni militare împotriva Siriei	Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
1.8	Ucraina: Rebelii pro-ruși au doborât un avion malaezian	Rusia pregătește contrapropuneri în legătură cu Ucraina	Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
0.4	Abbot: Nicio dispută cu Jakarta în privința bărcilor	Niciun acord legat de dezbaterile din domeniul nuclear în Iran	No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
4.6	SUA consideră că se poate ca Siria să fi folosit arme chimice	SUA consideră că guvernul sirian a folosit arme chimice	US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
0.0	Cei din opoziție critică discursul președintelui egiptean	Partidul de opoziție din Pakistan boicotează alegerile prezidențiale	Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
1.0	Războiul din Siria se va prelungi mulți ani	Regimul sirian elibearează sute de prizonieri	Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
1.0	Rusia susține că în Marea Mediterană au fost lansate rachete balistice	Israelul afirmă că a efectuat un test balistic împreună cu SUA în Mediterană	Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
3.0	Un vulcan erupe în Indonezia: 100.000 de oameni evacuați și aeroporturile închise	Erupție vulcanică duce la închiderea a 3 aeroporturi	Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
1.4	49 de morți și 148 de răniți în atacurile violente din Irak	2 morți și 11 răniți în atacurile din Irak	49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
1.4	Ianukovici, președintele Ucrainei, afirmă că nu plănuiește să se retragă	Opoziția din Ucraina cere demisia lui Ianukovici	Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
0.8	Viiturile au ucis 58 de oameni în estul Afganistanului	Explozia unei bombe rănește 16 oameni în estul Afganistanului	Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
5.0	Anchetatorii cercetează motivele atacatorului de la Aeroportul Internațional Los Angeles	Anchetatorii cercetează motivele atacatorului de la Aeroportul Internațional Los Angeles	Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
5.0	Revoltă după ce apar rapoarte despre o fetiță indiană de 6 ani violată la școală	Revoltă după ce s-a aflat că o fetiță de 6 ani a fost abuzată sexual la școală	Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
4.6	Janet Yellen va deveni prima femeie care va conduce Rezerva Federală	Senatul din SUA confirmă că Janet Yellen se află în funcția de șef al Rezervei Federale SUA	Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
3.8	Puterile mondiale și Iranul sub conducerea lui Rouhani reîncep negocierile nucleare	Puterile mondiale caută să progreseze în negocierile dificile legate de programul nuclear iranian	World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
1.2	Frăția musulmană interzisă în Egipt	Armata deține deține avantajul în Egipt	Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt	Military holds upper hand in Egypt
2.8	Se așteaptă creșterea numărului de decese în explozia trenului petrolier din Canada	Cinci morți în urma unui accident feroviar din Canada	More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash
0.4	Filipine amână comentariile asupra atacului pescarilor taiwanezi	Influența lui Bin Laden continuă, așa cum dovedește atacul de la mallul din Kenya	Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
1.6	Mulțimi, demnitari se adună la comemorarea lui Mandela	Obama și-a făcut un selfie la funeraliile lui Mandela	Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
1.8	Obama solicită israelienilor și palestinienilor să fie reținuți	Obama se întâlnește cu negociatori israelieni și palestinieni	Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
4.2	Rusia eliberează doctorul de la Greenpeace	Instanța judecătorească din Rusia eliberează pe cauțiune doctorul de pe nava de la Greenpeace	Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
0.2	Epava unui avion rusesc a fost găsită după un an	Rusia evacuează ambasada din Libia după un atac	Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
4.0	17 morți în urma unui atac american cu drone la o nuntă din Yemen	O dronă americană a ucis accidental 14 oameni la o nuntă din Yemen	17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
1.0	Indicele de producție al Chinei - la minimumul ultimelor 11 luni: HSBC	Producția din China se extinde în septembrie	China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September
0.4	Franța urmează să interzică concursurile de frumusețe adresate copiilor	Facebook va testa serviciul de plăți prin telefon	France to ban child beauty pageants	Facebook to test mobile payments service
1.8	Semnificația zilei de 2 decembrie în istorie	Semnificația zilei de 23 aprilie în istorie	Today in History, Dec. 2	Today in History, April 23
1.8	Vapoare pregătite pentru transportarea armelor chimice siriene	ONU adoptă rezoluția armelor chimice siriene	Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
0.6	Bilanțul morților în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri din Mumbai ajunge la 29	Bilanțul morților în urma prăbușirii unei mine din Indonezia ajunge la 12	Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse	Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
1.4	Extremiștii revendică atacurile comise în Nigeria	O grupare militantă greacă revendică asasinările celor din partidul Zorii Aurii	Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
3.8	Forțele pro-ruse intră în baza navală ucraineană din Crimeea	Forțele din Crimeea au luat cu asalt sediul marinei ucrainene	Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
4.2	Cadavrul unui magnat sud-coreean al transportului maritim dat dispărut a fost găsit pe un câmp	Dezastrul feribotului Sewol: a fost găsit trupul unui magnat al transportului sud-coreean	Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
2.2	Nicio noutate în ceea ce privește starea de sănătate a lui Nelson Mandela	Starea de sănătate a lui Nelson Mandela se îmbunătățește	No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	Nelson Mandela's condition improves
2.0	Ucraina: nouă persoane au murit în confruntările violente din Kiev	Ucraina se află sub presiune din cauza confruntărilor violente din Kiev	Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
4.2	Misiuni aeriene de supraveghere ale SUA vor ajuta la găsirea fetelor nigeriene răpite	Avioane de supraveghere ale SUA se alătură misiunii de căutare a fetelor nigeriene răpite	US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
3.8	Prințul George a fost botezat la Palatul St. James	Prințul George a fost botezat în Londra	Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London
4.0	Distribuția Monty Python se reunește pentru un nou show	Distribuția Monty Python se reunește pe scenă	Monty Python to reunite for new show	Monty Python to reunite on stage
0.2	Ministrul afacerilor externe al Italiei discută cu vicepreședintele Ghanei	Prim-ministrul belgian a transmis condoleanțe victimelor	Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
1.4	Poliția afirmă că bărbatul înarmat care a ținut ostatici pompierii din Atlanta este acum mort	The Lede: Video: pompierii din Georgia luați ostatici de către un bărbat înarmat	Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
5.0	Cazul Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks ajunge la faza sentinței	Cazul Manning WikiLeaks ajunge la faza sentinței	Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
2.4	Sondajul din Egipt: 98% votează „da” pentru noua constituție	În Egipt are loc votarea cheie a constituției	Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	Egypt holding key vote on constitution
4.6	Iranul și șase puteri globale semnează un acord nuclear de referință	Iranul și puterile mondiale sunt de acord cu tratatul nuclear	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
1.0	Forțele israeliene arestează 6 palestinieni în raidurile nocturne din Cisiordania	Israelul îi clasifică pe nativii din Ierusalim ca non-cetățeni	Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids	Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
2.8	Haga „îngrijorată cu privire la desfășurarea” alegerilor din Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe: „Preocupări serioase” în legătură cu alegerile	Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
0.6	Acțiunile de la bursa din Hong Kong încheie în creștere	Acțiunile de la bursa indiană deschid în creștere	Hong Kong stocks end higher	Indian stocks open higher
0.4	Demnitarii aduc un omagiu lui Paul Desmarais	Starurile aduc un omagiu lui James Garner	Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
4.2	Avioane ale companiei aeriene Southwest răman la sol din cauza unei erori de computer	Zboruri ale companiei aeriene Southwest amânate și anulate din cauza unei erori de computer	Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
3.6	Ambasada Vaticanului din Siria a fost lovită de un obuz de mortier	Ambasada Vaticanului din Siria a fost lovită de un obuz de mortier; nu sunt răniți	Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
4.2	Coreea de Nord blochează accesul la zona industrială comună	Coreea de Nord blochează accesul la zona industrială cheie	North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
2.8	Militanții islamici au ucis 9 turiști străini și un pakistanez	Atacatori ucid 11 turiști străini în Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
1.0	Forțele „occidentale” atacă o bază a militanților islamici din Somalia	Puterile occidentale se luptă să se împrietenească cu Modi	'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
3.8	Hong Kongul se pregătește de un miting pro-democrație de proporții, la aniversarea preluării jurisdicției	Hong Kongul se pregătește de un miting pro-democrație de proporții	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
3.0	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 20 de oameni în Irak	Un atentator sinucigaș a detonat o bombă într-o școală primară din Irak, ucigând 15 persoane	Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
0.4	Cinci copii îngropați de vii în urma unei alunecări de teren din Bohol	Nouă copii au fost uciși în urma unui atac din Afganistan	Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
3.0	6 persoane au fost ucise de lavă încinsă în urma erupției unui vulcan în Indonezia	Cinci morți în urma erupției unui vulcan din Indonezia	6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	Five dead in Indonesian eruption
0.6	Cel puțin 11 morți după ce o clădire s-a prăbușit în India	Cel puțin 66 de morți în urma exploziei unei bombe în Irak	At least 11 killed in India building collapse	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
2.8	Au început alegerile prezidențiale în Egipt	Egiptul emite mult așteptata lege a alegerilor prezidențiale	Egypt's presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
4.4	Fiul unui pastor evanghelic american s-a sinucis. Fiul unui cunoscut pastor evanghelic american, Rick Warren, s-a sinucis.	Fiul lui Wanner, cunoscutul pastor evanghelic american, s-a sinucis	Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
0.0	Parlamentul italian susține noul premier	Un tren a deraiat ucigând 4 persoane în New York	Italian parliament backs new PM	Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
0.4	Parlamentarii ruși adoptă un nou proiect de lege care restricționează internetul	Rusia afirmă că „obiecte” balistice au fost trase în Marea Mediterană	Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
3.4	Super taifunul Haiyan, cel mai puternic al sezonului, lovește Filipine	Super taifunul Haiyan se apropie de Filipine	Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
0.0	NATO condamnă represiunea Ucrainei	Legăturile Thailandei sunt cele mai bune din regiune	Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region
1.2	China va investiga exporturile de vin din UE	Investigația lui Christie se încinge	China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up
3.6	Conan O'Brien la Cina Corespondenților de la Casa Albă	Obama și O'Brien pun în scenă propriile versiuni ale Cinei corespondenților de la Casa Albă	Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
3.0	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă din Boston a fost acuzat, sunt suspectate motive religioase	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă din Boston a fost acuzat pe patul de spital	Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
1.4	Piețele financiare asiatice sunt împărțite în legătură cu datele comerciale ale Chinei	Piețele financiare asiatice în declin din cauza temerilor legate de stimulentele Băncii Centrale	Asian markets mixed on China trade data	Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
4.8	Cel mai bătrân om din lume a murit în Japonia la 116 ani	Jiroemon Kimura: cel mai bătrân om din lume moare la vârsta de 116 ani	World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
1.4	Cursurile de schimb valutar din India	Cursurile de schimb valutar din Singapore	Foreign exchange rates in India	Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
3.6	Incendiile din Colorado distrug mai mult de 90 de case, pe măsură ce vântul se întețește	Incendiile din Colorado pot cauza cele mai serioase distrugeri de proprietate din istoria statului	Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
2.0	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.3 pe scara Richter lovește o insulă din Indonezia	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6 pe scara Richter lovește Thailanda	Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
2.0	Guvernul afgan și cel american vor purta discuții de pace cu talibanii	Pakistanul poartă discuții directe cu talibanii	US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
3.0	Știri despre terorism și conflictul israeliano-palestinian (22-28 ianuarie 2014)	Știri despre terorism și conflictul israeliano-palestinian (31 iulie - 6 august 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
1.6	„Este fie prea târziu, fie prea devreme să intervenim în Siria”	Șef ONU: Inspectorii au nevoie de 4 zile pentru a încheia ancheta în Siria	'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'	UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
1.0	Echipa de negocieri nucleare a Iranului pleacă în Kazahstan	Programul nuclear al Iranului „a costat Teheranul peste 100 de miliarde de dolari”	Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
0.8	Comenzile pentru fabricile din SUA au scăzut cu 0,7% în ianuarie	Comenzile pentru fabricile germane și-au revenit în ianuarie	U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	German factory orders rebound in January
5.0	Oameni înarmați înconjoară Ministerul de Externe al Libiei pentru a face revendicări	Oameni înarmați înconjoară Ministerul de Externe al Libiei pentru a face revendicări	Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
0.6	Numărul morților în urma taifunului ajunge la 3633	Bilanțul morților din Egipt a crescut la 638	Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638
4.2	Președintele Ugandei semnează proiectul de lege împotriva homosexualilor	Președintele Ugandei aprobă legea dură împotriva homosexualilor	Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
1.8	Parlamentul rus îi permite lui Putin să folosească armata în Ucraina	Rusia nu are intenția de a anexa sud-estul Ucrainei: Ministrul de Externe	Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
4.4	Bradley Manning achitat de sprijinirea inamicului	Soldatul Wikileaks, Bradley Manning, a fost achitat de sprijinirea inamicului	Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
0.6	G7 „va intensifica sancțiunile împotriva Rusiei”	Ucraina se teme de o invazie rusească	G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
5.0	Avionul unei trupe rock aterizează de urgență în Illinois	Avionul unei trupe rock aterizează de urgență în Illinois	Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
0.8	A doua zi de vizită a prim-ministrului rus în Crimeea	Rusia dă un avertisment împotriva stabilirii unor precondiții pentru Siria	Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
4.6	Un judecător aprobă hrănirea forțată a deținuților din California	Un judecător american aprobă hrănirea forțată a deținuților californieni aflați în greva foamei	Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
4.0	16 morți în urma luptelor violente dintre bande într-o închisoare din Venezuela	Șaisprezece persoane au fost ucise într-o închisoare din Venezuela	Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison	Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
3.4	Numărul soldaților americani morți în Afganistan ajunge la 2153	Soldați militari morți în Afganistan	US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
1.4	Oficial SUA: Israelienii și palestinienii cer o nouă întâlnire luni	Palestinienii: Nu vrem ca planul Kerry să eșueze	Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
3.8	Furtuna tropicală Karen vizează Coasta Golfului SUA	Furtuna tropicală Karen urmează să lovească	Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
4.8	Seamus Heaney, poet irlandez al naturii și al chinului, moare la 74 de ani	Seamus Heaney, poet irlandez și câștigător al premiului Nobel, a murit la 74 de ani	Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
4.6	Islamiștii din Bangladesh protestează împotriva bloggerilor atei	Islamiștii din Bangladesh protestează, cerând acțiuni împotriva bloggerilor atei	Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
4.0	Zborul MH17 al companiei aeriene Malaysia Airlines s-a prăbușit în estul Ucrainei	Avion al companiei aeriene Malaysia Airlines s-a prăbușit la frontiera Ucrainei cu Rusia	Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
1.8	Un atentator sinucigaș ucide 13 persoane la un restaurant din centrul Somaliei	Un atentator sinucigaș a ucis cel puțin 4 persoane în Kabul	Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia	Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
5.0	Anthony Weiner cade pe locul patru în noul sondaj	Weiner cade pe locul patru în noul sondaj pentru primarul New Yorkului	Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
0.6	India acuză China de încălcarea graniței de facto	Senatul și Camera Reprezentanților sunt într-o dispută pe tema fondurilor pentru frontiere	India accuses China of crossing de facto border	Senate, House on collision course on border money
2.8	O femeie însărcinată din Sudan care s-a căsătorit cu un bărbat creștin a fost condamnată la moarte pentru „apostazie”	Sudanul a eliberat-o pe femeia creștină condamnată la moarte pentru apostazie	Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
5.0	Soția diplomatului de vârf al SUA, Kerry, dusă de urgență la spital	Soția secretarului de stat american John Kerry dusă de urgență la spital	US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
3.8	Kerry urmărește o „strategia liniștită” în procesul de pace din Orientul Mijlociu	Kerry se întâlnește cu liderii israelieni pentru a grăbi pacea din Orientul Mijlociu	Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
3.6	Coreea de Nord afirmă că urmează să repornească reactorul nuclear	Coreea de Nord propune discuții: complexul se poate redeschide	North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
4.0	Instanța din Egipt ia în considerare eliberarea lui Mubarak	Curtea de Casație din Egipt cere eliberarea lui Mubarak	Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release	Egypt court orders Mubarak release
0.8	Poliția: 13 răniți și 8 oameni uciși de un atentator sinucigaș în capitala afgană	4 morți în urma unui atentat sinucigaș în Orașul Vechi al capitalei din Siria	Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
1.2	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă din Boston a fost acuzat pe patul de spital	O săptămână mai târziu: Boston onorează victimele atentatului cu bombă; suspectul - în imposibilitatea de a vorbi	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
0.4	Ploile împiedică salvarea victimelor inundațiilor din India	Poliția: O turistă americană a fost victima unui viol în grup în nordul Indiei	More rain hampers Indian flood rescue	US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
1.6	O privire asupra atacurilor teroriste majore din estul Africii	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU critică atacul terorist mortal din capitala Kenyei	A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
0.8	Rusia răspunde la încetarea focului din Ucraina	Ciprul sechestrează activele Ucrainei	Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
3.5	Kim Jong-un și-a executat unchiul pe care îl considera „mai rău decât un câine”	Coreea de Nord îl execută pe unchiul lui Kim Jong Un	Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle	NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
1.2	Susținere plină de culoare la Campionatul Mondial din Brazilia	Merkel va asista la finala Campionatului Mondial de Fotbal	Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	Merkel to attend World Cup final
3.6	Mandela rămâne în spital	Mandela rămâne în secția de terapie intensivă	Mandela remains in hospital	Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
4.4	Membrii echipajului feribotului sud-coreean vor fi trimiși în judecată	Membrii echipajului feribotului Sewol vor fi judecați	South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	Sewol ferry crew faces trial
5.0	Egiptul votează o nouă constituție	Egiptenii votează o nouă constituție	Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
2.8	Șase oficiali ai Pakistanului uciși de un atac american cu dronă	O dronă americană a ucis 4 militanți în Pakistan	US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
2.0	Vietnamul detectează semnalele avionului dispărut	China mărește aria de căutare a avionului dispărut	Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane
4.0	Cricket: Anglia vs Australia, tabela de scor a celui de-al patrulea test	Cricket: Anglia 155-4 împotriva Austrialiei, al patrulea test - un ceai	Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
0.4	Ziua națională a RPDC va fi sărbătorită în Peru	Roverul Curiosity împlinește un an de când se află pe Marte	Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
2.2	Un cutremur puternic cu magnitudinea de 7.6 pe scara Richter a lovit Insulele Solomon	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.9 pe scara Richter lovește coasta Californiei	Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
1.8	India Ink: Imaginea zilei: 21 mai	India Ink: Imaginea zilei: 16 ianuarie	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
4.0	Liderul Australiei a fost destituit prin votul fulger al conducerii	Premierul australian Gillard a fost demis prin votul conducerii	Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
0.8	Obama critică violența din Egipt, anulează exercițiile militare	Pakistanul critică confruntările violente din Egipt	Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
0.0	Argentina declară doliu național pentru victimele inundaților	Părinții cer formulare comune pentru înscrierea la creșe	Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
2.2	Botezul prințului, un amestec între nou și vechi	Când are loc botezul prințului George? Planificarea botezului, nașii bebelușului regal și toate amănuntele necesare	Prince's christening a blend of old and new	When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
2.33	Ce spun ziarele, 20 mai 2013	Ce spun ziarele, 19 noiembrie 2013	What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
1.0	Google lansează smartphone-ul Nexus 5 cu Android Kit Kat	Google reproiectează interfața de căutare pe calculator	Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google redesigns search results on PCs
4.2	O bombă ce viza Hezbollah a lovit sudul Beirutului	O explozie a lovit zona controlată de Hezbollah din sudul Beirutului	Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
3.0	SUA și aliații vor impune noi sancțiuni Rusiei din cauza Ucrainei	UE aplică noi sancțiuni Rusiei din cauza Ucrainei	U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
1.0	Fabricile care funcționau datorită cooperării celor două Corei își încetează activitatea	Coreea de Nord și de Sud rup tăcerea prin discuții	Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks
0.0	Premierul Chinei se întâlnește cu vicepreședintele Indiei	Organizația Hezbollah solicită alegerea unui nou președinte al Libanului	Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
3.6	Președintele Algeriei se află în Franța pentru efectuarea unor analize medicale	Președintele Algeriei se află în Franța pentru efectuarea unor analize medicale după ce a suferit un atac cerebral minor	Algerian president in France for medical tests	Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
3.2	Islamiștii încă țin ostatici aproximativ 30 de oameni în vreme ce confruntarea dintr-un mall din Kenya continuă	Bilanțul morților urcă pe măsură ce atacul asupra unui mall din Kenya continuă	Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues	Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
3.8	Manchester City câștigă al doilea titlu în Premier League în trei ani	Manchester City câștigă titlul în Premier League	Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	Manchester City win English Premier League title
4.8	Trupurile celor care au murit în urma prăbușirii avionului MH17 au fost duse cu avionul în Olanda	Trupurile celor uciși în urma prăbușirii avionului MH17 au fost transportate cu avionul înapoi în Olanda	Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
3.4	Un polițist egiptean a fost ucis în atacul din Sinai	Soldați egipteni uciși în atacul din Sinai	Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
1.4	Cel mai probabil, discuțiile pe tema programului nuclear din Iran se vor prelungi	Prețul petrolului scade sub 108 dolari înaintea discuțiilor pe tema activităților nucleare din Iran	Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
3.6	Un incendiu a ucis 38 de persoane într-un spital de psihiatrie din Rusia	38 de presupuși morți în urma unui incendiu la un spital de psihiatrie din Rusia	Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
1.6	Rusia avertizează că poate nu va semna Tratatul ONU privind armele	ONU încheie un tratat referitor la arme	Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
1.6	Didier Reynders despre Siria	Ziua lui Obama: discurs în prime-time despre Siria	Didier Reynders on Syria	Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
0.8	Coreea de Nord: experții solicită dialogul și afirmă că doresc implicarea Chinei	Coreea de Nord întrerupe ultimele legături cu Sudul prin interzicerea parcului industrial comun	North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
1.0	Acțiunile bursei din China deschid luni în creștere	Acțiunile bursei din China închid marți în scădere	China stocks open higher Monday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
0.0	Sony Xperia Z2 și Nokia X au fost prezentate	Instanța solicită interdicția privind deţinerea de funcţii publice în Italia pentru Berlusconi	Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
3.8	Noul coronavirus se poate transmite de la o persoană la alta- Organizația Mondială a Sănătății	OMS: Noul virus se poate transmite de la o persoană la alta	New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
5.0	Mandela s-a întors la spital, în stare „gravă, dar stabilă”	Nelson Mandela a fost din nou internat în spital	Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
0.0	Bilanțul morților din East Harlem urcă	Bilanțul morților furtunii din Mexic continuă să crească	East Harlem explosion death toll rises	Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
0.0	Prim-ministrul Ucrainei demisionează pe fondul protestelor	Prim-ministrul britanic critică uciderea tinerilor	Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
0.0	DJ implicat în farsa regală înaintează o acțiune împotriva postului de radio	Talibanii bombardează o bază militară americană din Afganistan	Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
2.2	Arsenal vs Stoke City - live!	Tottenham vs Manchester City live!	Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live!
2.4	Știri despre mediul de afaceri și piețe economice: așa cum s-a întâmplat, 17 aprilie 2013	Știri despre mediul de afaceri și piețe economice: așa cum s-a întâmplat, 20 iunie 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
4.2	Iranul și puterile mondiale încep o nouă rundă de dezbateri privind domeniul nuclear	Iranul și puterile mondiale promit noi discuții pe tema activității nucleare	Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
2.6	Furtuna tropicală Karen vizează Coasta Golfului SUA	Furtuna tropicală Karen își pierde din intensitate pe măsură ce se apropie de Coasta Golfului SUA	Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
3.0	Muncitori uciși în India în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri	76 de persoane au fost ucise într-o clădire ce s-a prăbușit în Bangladesh	Workers killed in India building collapse	76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
3.8	Coreea de Nord a lansat trei rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	Coreea de Nord a lansat rachete cu rază scurtă de acțiune	North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
2.6	Mașină capcană ucide 37 de persoane în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Trei persoane au murit în explozia unei bombe din nord-vestul Pakistanului	Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan	Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
4.0	Malaysia Airlines a pierdut contactul cu un avion ce transporta 239 de pasageri către Beijing	Un avion al companiei aeriene Malaysia Airlines cu destinația Beijing a dispărut	Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
5.0	Microsoft afirmă că va disponibiliza până la 18.000 de angajați	Microsoft urmează să disponibilizeze 18.000 de angajați	Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
3.4	Malaezienii votează pentru stabilitate sau schimbare	Alegeri în Malaezia: Malaezienii votează, puterea fiind în pericol pentru prima dată	Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
4.4	Incendiu distruge un oraș antic tibetan din China	Incendiu distruge un oraș tibetan din China	Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
5.0	Yahoo acceptă să achiziționeze Tumblr pentru suma de 1.1 miliarde de dolari	Yahoo va achiziționa Tumblr cu 1.1 miliarde de dolari	Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
5.0	India începe să voteze la cele mai mari alegeri din lume	Indienii au început să voteze, cele mai mari alegeri din lume	India starts voting in world's largest election	India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
2.0	Explozia unei mașini capcană a omorât cel puțin 12 oameni în nordul Siriei	Un atac aerian inițiat de sirieni a ucis cel puțin 18 oameni în Alep	Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
2.8	Bilanțul morților în urma cutremurului din Filipine urcă la 73	Bilanțul morților în urma cutremurului din Filipine ajunge la 85	Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
1.4	Operațiunea de căutare a celor care cer azil politic a luat sfârșit	Aria de căutarea a bărbatului dispărut a fost restrânsă	Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man
0.2	Președintele Ucrainei a solicitat încetarea focului în est pentru 7 zile	Museveni, președintele Ugandei, este de acord să semneze proiectul de lege împotriva homosexualilor	Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
4.33	Turneul ICC Champions Trophy: India versus Africa de Sud	Champions Trophy: India versus Africa de Sud Live	ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
4.4	Curtea Supremă din SUA adoptă acțiunea afirmativă în cazul interdicției din Michigan	Curtea Supremă va audia cazul Michigan în ceea ce privește acțiunea afirmativă	Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
3.0	Titluri în principalele ziare iraniene din 30 septembrie	Titluri în principalele ziare iraniene din 21 noiembrie	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
2.4	Un ciclon lasă dezastru în urma sa în India	Evacuarea din cauza ciclonului Phailin le-a salvat viața sătenilor indieni	Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
0.6	Talibanii au ucis 15 polițiști în vestul Afganistanului	O dronă americană a omorât doi oameni în estul Afganistanului	Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
4.6	Mii de oameni se adună pentru a-și arăta sprijinul față de guvernul greu încercat al Tunisiei	Mii de oameni s-au adunat în Tunisia să-și arate susținerea față de guvernul islamist	Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
4.8	Mandela, fostul președinte al Africii de Sud, a fost dus la spital	Nelson Mandela a fost dus la spital	South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
5.0	Update - Două explozii în apropierea liniei de sosire a Maratonului din Boston	Două explozii la linia de sosire a Maratonului din Boston	Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
0.4	Cel puțin două persoane au fost ucise în confruntările violente din sudul Egiptului	Cel puțin 18 oameni uciși în explozia dintr-o gară din Caucazul de Nord	At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
3.0	Furtuna de zăpadă Ion: stat cu stat...	Furtuna de zăpadă Janus: stat cu stat...	Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
3.6	Trupurile neînsuflețite a 53 de bărbați au fost găsite la sud de Bagdad	Oficiali irakieni: 50 de cadavre au fost găsite la sud de Bagdad	Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
3.0	Atentatele cu bombă au ucis cel puțin 20 de persoane în zona locuită de creștini din Bagdad	Bombele ucid 35 de oameni într-o zonă locuită de creștini din Bagdad	Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
3.2	China stabilește data procesului lui Bo Xilai	Procesul lui Bo Xilai din China, în a patra zi	China sets Bo Xilai trial date	China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
0.8	Musulmanii se pregătesc de începerea Ramadanului	Musulmanii se roagă pentru încetarea dezbinării	Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	Muslims pray for end to divisions
0.8	Japonia mobilizează rapid avioane de vânătoare împotriva aeronavelor militare rusești	Separatiștii doboară un avion militar ucrainean, numeroase victime	Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
1.0	Mii de britanici cer ajutor de șomaj în Germania	Mii de locuitori din Amsterdam, îmbrăcați în alb, au mărșăluit pentru MH17	Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
2.2	Un presupus atac american cu drone ucide 5 persoane în Pakistan	O dronă presupusă a fi amercană vizează un seminar musulman din Pakistan	Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
0.4	Obama se va înscrie în Obamacare	Obama vizitează Oklahoma după ce statul a fost lovit de o tornadă	Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
5.0	General Electric afișează un profit redus cu 9% pentru al treilea trimestru	GE afișează un profit redus cu 9% pentru al treilea trimestru	General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
2.0	Yuanul chinezesc s-a depreciat la 6.1535 față de dolarul american	Yuanul chinezesc se întărește și ajunge la un nou maxim față de dolarul american	China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
5.0	Rusia îl găsește pe Magnitsky, avocatul mort, vinovat în procesul postum	Rusia îl condamnă pe avocatul mort, Magnitsky, în procesul postum	Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
2.8	„Eu aș fi putut fi în locul lui Trayvon”	Trayvon Martin ar fi putut fi...	'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
3.4	China trimite cea mai mare flotă de până acum către insulele disputate	Navele chineze intră în apele insulelor disputate	China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	China ships enter waters off disputed islands
3.4	Planul lui Kerry pentru reluarea discuțiilor impune eliberarea a 103 deținuți palestinieni	Kerry intenționează să includă eliberarea prizonierilor, negocierile îngheață	Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
2.0	Poliția: explozie în zona Catedralei din Belfast	Explozie în Kabul, un atentat sinucigaș într-o zonă diplomatică	Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter	Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
1.4	Sirienii protestează împotriva lui Erdogan la Paris, venezuelenii accentuează sprijinul pentru Siria	Erdogan, președintele Turciei, se află în Iran pentru a repara legăturile după disputa în legătură cu Siria	Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
3.0	Prim-ministrul va căuta un acord nuclear, investiții în timpul vizitei în Japonia	Manmohan speră să încheie un acord nuclear cu Japonia	Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
1.2	SUA amână testul balistic din cauza tensiunilor cu Coreea de Nord	Ambasadele rămân în Coreea de Nord, în ciuda tensiunilor	US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
4.6	Obama se întâlnește în privat cu familia lui Nelson Mandela	Obama se întâlnește cu familia lui Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet with Mandela family
0.4	Cel puțin șase morți în urma unui schimb de focuri violent în SUA	Cel puțin 20 de morți în atacurile din Somalia	At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
0.6	Atacatori înarmați au ucis 10 oameni în cadrul conflictelor politice violente din Filipine?	Cinci oameni au murit în urma erupției unui vulcan din Filipine	Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
5.0	Israelul doboară o dronă din Liban	Israelul doboară o dronă din Liban	Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
1.0	Israelul aprobă eliberarea primului grup de prizonieri palestinieni înainte de negocierile de pace	Opoziția din Siria confirmă participarea la negocierile de pace	Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
4.6	Ciocniri mortale în timp ce Egiptul marchează aniversarea	Ciocniri violente marchează aniversarea revoltei din Egipt	Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
1.6	NATO: 5 americani uciși în sudul Afganistanului	O bombă de pe marginea drumului ucide 3 polițiști în sudul Afganistanului	NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
3.8	Escroci deghizați în femei fură bani	CCTV: Escroci din York se deghizează în femei pentru a păcăli pensionarii	Conmen dressed as women steal cash	CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
5.0	Răpitorul din Cleveland, Ariel Castro, a fost găsit spânzurat în celulă	Răpitorul din Cleveland, Ariel Castro, a fost găsit spânzurat în celula sa	Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
5.0	Google dezvăluie prototipul unei mașini ce se conduce singură	Google dezvăluie designul unei mașini ce se conduce singură	Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
2.0	Un incendiu într-o fabrică de textile din Bangladesh ucide 8 oameni	149 de morți după prăbușirea unei fabrici de textile din Bangladesh	Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
4.0	SUA încearcă să-și liniștească aliații îngrijorați din Golf în legătură cu acordul cu Iranul	Hagel încearcă să liniștească aliații agitați din Golf după acordul cu Iranul	US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
0.0	Ucraina găzduiește „discuții despre unitate”	Papa critică „războiul pentru vânzarea armelor” în Siria	Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
2.4	Fostul președinte al Pakistanului, Musharraf, arestat în cazul asasinării lui Bhutto	Fostul președinte al Pakistanului, Musharraf, adus în fața instanței pentru prima oară	Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
2.2	A fost stabilită data pentru procesul liderului partidului Frăția Musulmană din Egipt	Frăția Musulmană din Siria se confruntă cu o bătălie dificilă	Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
0.0	Evadarea de scurtă durată a unui panda roșu dintr-o grădină zoo	Egiptul îl arestează pe Badie, liderul partidului Frăția Musulmană	Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	India‚Äôs march to Mars
0.2	Medici israelieni ar putea fi judecați în străinătate pentru hrănirea forțată a prizonierilor palestinieni	Controlul israelian din Cisiordania „costă economia palestiniană miliarde”	Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
5.0	Magazinele din Washington ce vând marijuana se pregătesc pentru vânzări istorice	Magazinele din Washington ce vând marijuana se pregătesc pentru vânzări istorice	Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
5.0	Angajații unui aeroport din Rio intră în grevă în ajunul Campionatului Mondial de Fotbal	Angajații unui aeroport din Rio de Janeiro intră în grevă în ajunul Campionatului Mondial de Fotbal	Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup	Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
1.4	Fiul unuia dintre liderii partidului Frăția Musulmană a fost ucis	Egiptul îl arestează pe Badie, liderul partidului Frăția Musulmană	Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
5.0	Iranul, șase puteri mondiale semnează un acord nuclear de referință	Iran, șase puteri mondiale încheie un acord nuclear de succes	Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
2.8	Un balon cu aer cald ia foc în Virginia	Un blon cu aer cald ia foc și se prăbușește	Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia	Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
2.4	Citate de la lideri, familie la comemorarea lui Mandela	Lumea se unește pentru comemorarea lui Mandela	Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial
0.0	Indienii din Mumbai pun T&T (Trinidad&Tobago) la locul său	Indonezienii votează președintele într-o cursă strânsă	Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race
4.4	Acțiunile din Kuala Lumpur rămân ridicate la mijlocul după-amiezii	Acțiunile Kuala Lumpur continuă să crească în mijlocul după-amiezii	KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
2.8	Ce spun ziarele, 20 noiembrie 2013	Ce spun ziarele, 10 octombrie 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
4.2	Amazon lansează un nou dispozitiv pentru redare video	Amazon lansează un nou dispozitiv, Fire TV, pentru redare video	Amazon launches new device for streaming video	Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
0.0	Președintele Palestinei primește vizita ministrului de externe al Iordaniei	Palestinian arestat pentru hărțuirea sexuală a unor fetițe	Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
0.2	Obama numește un nou secretar al transporturilor	Obama se va întâlni cu secretarul veteranilor răniți în război	Obama nominates new transportation secretary	Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
1.6	Yuanul chinezesc s-a depreciat la 6.1059 față de dolarul american	Yuanul chinezesc s-a apreciat vineri la 6.1070 față de dolarul american	China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
0.2	Francezii descind în crame pentru o licitație a austerității	SUA laudă acordul cu Ucraina; solicită acțiuni concrete	French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
1.4	SUA și Rusia sunt de acord cu confiscarea armelor chimice din Siria	Rebelii sirieni sceptici cu privire la acordul legat de armele chimice	US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
1.4	Parlamentarii din Coreea de Sud vor vizita complexul Kaesong	Coreea de Sud cere să discute cu Coreea de Nord cu privire la fabrica închisă	S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex	S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
0.0	Un preot algerian va ține o prelegere despre patrimoniul creștin din Africa de Nord	Telstra plănuiește să listeze un site chinezesc la NY	Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	Telstra applies to list China site in NY
3.0	Titluri importante în principalele ziare iraniene din 5 aprilie	Titluri importante în principalele ziare iraniene din 18 august	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
0.6	Consecințele reconcilierii palestiniene	Regele belgian se va adresa națiunii pe fondul speculațiilor privind abdicarea	Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
3.0	Teroristul care a deturnat avionul a fost arestat după ce a aterizat pe aeroportul din Geneva	O aeronavă deturnată aterizează la Geneva	Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
5.0	PCB îl numește pe Waqar Younis ca antrenor principal	Waqar Younis a revenit ca antrenor al Pakistanului	PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
2.4	SUA invocă acțiuni împotriva Siriei	Arabia Saudită îndeamnă la acțiune ONU împotriva Israelului după atacurile asupra Siriei	US makes case for action against Syria	Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
1.8	Ciocniri între protestatarii din Ankara și poliție	Ciocniri între protestatarii din Peru și poliție	Ankara protesters clash with police	Peru protesters clash with police
2.2	49 de morți, 148 de răniți în atacurile violente din Irak	15 morți, 90 de răniți în atacurile recente din Irak	49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
0.4	Portorican arestat pentru producerea de pornografie infantilă	Guru indian arestat sub suspiciunea de viol	Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography	Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
2.0	Ucraina semnează pactul comercial cu UE în timp ce Rusia finalizează anexarea Crimeei	Curtea Supremă a Ucrainei respinge independența Crimeei ca fiind „neconstituțională”	Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation	"Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as ""unconstitutional"""
1.0	Assad avertizează Turcia cu privire la „prețul scump” pentru sprijinirea rebelilor sirieni	Cabinetul e în război din cauza înarmării rebelilor sirieni	Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels	Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
1.8	Acțiunile din India închid în scădere	Acțiunile din Hong Kong închid cu creștere de 2.33%	Indian stocks close lower	Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
2.8	19 morți, 42 răniți în atacurile violente din Irak	43 morți, 86 de răniți în atacurile din Irak	19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
3.8	Indian acuzat de viol așteaptă verdictul	Indian acuzat de viol găsit vinovat	Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty
3.6	În urma discuțiilor s-a ajuns la un acord nuclear cu Iranul	Acordul nuclear cu Iranul a fost încheiat după o dispută de zeci de ani	Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
0.0	Purtător de cuvânt al armatei egiptene denunță incitarea împotriva armatei	Anunțul Ministerului Muncii urmează să fie făcut public luni	Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
5.0	Snowden nu vede „nicio șansă” pentru un proces echitabil în SUA	Snowden nu vede „nicio șansă” de a avea parte de un proces echitabil din SUA	Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	"Snowden sees ""no chance"" to get fair trial in U.S."
2.2	Titluri importante în principalele ziare din Iran din 30 decembrie	Titluri importante în principalele ziare din Iran din 6 iulie	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
0.2	Zeci de răniți într-un accident feroviar din Connecticut	Ministru indian decedat într-o coliziune frontală	Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
5.0	Regina vizitează noul prinț al Marii Britanii	Regina îl întâlnește pe noul bebeluș regal al Marii Britanii	Queen visits Britain's new prince	Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
1.0	Ucraina: trei oameni uciși în protestele parlamentare	Președintele Ucrainei solicită discuții pentru a pune capăt protestelor	Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
4.4	Operatorul unui carusel a fost acuzat în accidentul de la târgul din N.C.	Operatorul unui carusel de la Târgul Statal N.C. a fost arestat după un accident	Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
3.6	Stenograma relevă confuzie cu privire la evacuarea feribotului sud-coreean	Stenograma relevă confuzie cu privire la evacuarea feribotului	Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
0.2	Pompierii americani căzuți la datorie aduși acasă	Bursa de pe Wall Street închide în scădere ușoară	Fallen US firefighters brought home	Wall Street ends slightly lower
4.8	Regimul sirian este de acord să participe la conferința de pace	Rusia: Siria este de acrod să participe la conferință	Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
3.4	Marea Britanie votează împotriva intervenției militare	Marea Britanie respinge intervenția militară în Siria	UK vote rejects military action	Britain rejects Syria military action
4.4	Noua Zeelandă va legaliza căsătoria între persoane de același sex	Noua Zeelandă va legaliza căsătoria între persoanele de același sex	New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
3.0	Acțiunile de pe bursa din Singapore închid cu creștere de 0.37%	Acțiunile de pe bursa din Singapore închid cu o creștere de 0.41%	Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
1.8	Președintele Venezuelei va vizita China	Președintele Senegalului va vizita China	Venezuelan president to visit China	Senegalese president to visit China
3.6	Protestatarii din Cairo sfidează amenințarea cu represiunea	În taberele din Cairo, protestatarii rămân pe poziții și continuă să supraviețuiască	Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
3.0	Căutarea avionului dispărut se îndreaptă spre insulele vietnameze	Un avion dispărut al companiei Malaysia Airlines „s-a prăbușit în largul Vietnamului”	Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
1.0	Un oficial al companiei Malaysia Airlines informează rudele pasagerilor dispăruți despre progresele căutării	Compania Malaysia Airlines anchetează copilotul în cazul avionului dispărut	Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
2.2	Starurile i-au adus un omagiu lui Cory Monteith	Starurile i-au adus un omagiu lui James Garner	Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
5.0	Un angajat al aeroportului din Los Angeles acuzat de amenințări în ziua comemorării atentatului din 9/11	Un angajat al aeroportului din Los Angeles acuzat de amenințări în ziua comemorării atentatului din 9/11	Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
2.2	Recomandările de lectură The Note pentru vineri, 24 mai 2013	Recomandările de lectură The Note pentru vineri, 24 mai 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
4.8	Hat trick-ul lui Cristiano Ronaldo a trimis Portugalia în finalele Campionatului Mondial de Fotbal din 2014	Hat trick-ul lui Ronaldo a trimis Portugalia în Campionatul Mondial de Fotbal	Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
3.0	Prințul Philip al Marii Britanii e pregătit pentru o operație „exploratorie”	Prințul Philip al Marii Britanii internat în spital	Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
3.6	Japonia începe dezbaterile cu privire la impozitul pe vânzări, fostul delegat bancar solicită o creștere treptată	Japonia începe dezbaterile cu privire la propunerile de majorare a impozitelor	Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
1.0	Trei atacuri cu bombă ucid șase soldați și un civil	Atacul cu bombă de la o școală din sudul Thailandei a ucis două persoane	Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
3.8	Pelerini italieni au murit într-un accident de autobuz	Pasageri morți în urma accidentului unui autobuz	Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
5.0	Un nou cutremur puternic a lovit regiunea pakistaneză devastată	Un nou cutremur puternic a lovit regiunea pakistaneză devastată	Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
4.6	Opoziția siriană îi oferă lui Assad un armistițiu în Homs pe durata Ramadanului	Opoziția siriană oferă un armistițiu forțelor lui Assad pe durata Ramadanului	Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
2.2	Cel puțin 20 de morți în urma atacurilor din Somalia	Cel puțin 60 de morți în urma unui atac dintr-o închisoare din Irak	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
4.6	Atacatorii de la mallul Westgate din Nairobi au petrecut patru luni făcând planuri	Atacatorii de la mallul Westgate din Nairobi au petrecut patru luni făcând planuri, spune un oficial	Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi	Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
4.8	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU solicită încetarea focului în Gaza din motive umanitare	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU solicită încetarea necondiționată a focului în Gaza din motive umanitare	U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
2.0	CENC: Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.3 pe scara Richter lovește Honshu, Japonia	CENC: Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.7 pe scara Richter zguduie Taiwanul	6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
2.2	Acțiunile chineze închid marți în creștere	Acțiunile chineze închid miercuri în scădere	Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
2.4	O mașină capcană ucide 58 de oameni în capitala Irakului	Mașini capcană ucid 13 civili în capitala Irakului	Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
2.6	Protestatarii ucraineni ies din nou în stradă pentru un miting anti-guvern	Protestatarii ucraineni dărâmă statuia lui Lenin din Kiev	Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
2.2	Bilanțul morților în urma exploziei unui tren de marfă din Canada a ajuns la trei și se așteaptă să crească	Guvernul canadian „monitorizează” situația exploziei trenului	Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
2.4	Nigel Farage solicită guvernului să lase refugiații sirieni în Marea Britanie	„Niciun plan” pentru relocarea refugiaților sirieni în Marea Britanie	Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
0.2	Politicianul israelian Peres solicită revenirea la discuțiile de pace	Gonsalves menține presiunea asupra Republicii Dominicane	Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
1.8	Yuanul chinezesc s-a apreciat marți la 6.1184 față de dolarul american	Yuanul chinezesc s-a depreciat la 6.1510 față de dolarul american	China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
1.6	Radio: Israelul va intensifica procesul de eliberare a prizonierilor palestinieni	SUA: Israelul va întârzia eliberarea prizonierilor palestinieni	Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
2.4	Susținătorii lui Morsi resping planul	Susținătorii lui Morsi mărșăluiesc în Egipt	Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt
0.2	Surse - Instanța din Egipt condamnă la moarte 10 susținători ai Frăției	Premierul turc le spune susținătorilor să se pregătească pentru mitinguri	Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
1.4	Obama critică uciderea a 3 tineri israelieni	Trupurile neînsuflețite ale tinerilor israelieni dispăruți au fost găsite în Cisiordania	Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens	Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
0.0	Un grup de bărbați a încercat să decapiteze un soldat pe o stradă din Londra, instanța face audieri	Australia a spionat președintele Indoneziei: rapoarte	Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
3.4	Protestatarii ucrainieni reconstruiesc baricadele	Putin vorbește despre Ucraina, protestatarii reconstruiesc baricadele	Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
2.4	Mel Smith moare la 60 de ani și Marea Britanie deplânge un favorit al comediei	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith a fost „o forță vitală”	Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
1.6	Trei morți și 63 de răniți după prăbușirea unor clădiri din New York	Doi morți și 9 răniți în urma unei clădiri ce s-a prăbușit în Franța	Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
1.6	Acțiunile chineze închid marți în creștere	Acțiunile chineze închid joi în scădere	Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
3.0	India Ink: Fotografia zilei: 2 iulie	India Ink: Fotografia zilei: 4 martie	India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
3.6	Musulmanii asiatici sărbătoresc Eid, în timp ce 14 oameni au fost uciși în Afganistan	Musulmanii asiatici sărbătoresc Eid în timp ce 52 de oameni au murit în Pakistan și Afganistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
0.4	Minele de cărbune din Rusia caută noi piețe de desfacere în China	Ministrul de externe al Rusiei se va întâlni cu șeful ONU	Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
1.4	Protestatarii pro-ruși ai Ucrainei cer o autonomie mai mare	Protestatarii sudanezi cer demiterea regimului	Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
3.2	Armata irakiană luptă pentru a recupera Tikritul	Armata irakiană revendică victoria în Tikrit	Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
1.2	Iranul critică presupusul atac aerian israelian asupra Siriei	Democrații se confruntă cu o scindare în legătură cu un potențial atac asupra Siriei	Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
2.6	Israelul este de acord să prelungească armistițiul din Gaza cu patru ore	Se pare că Israelul și Hamas sunt de acord cu armistițiul de 12 ore	Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
3.2	Incendiu la o stație de autobuz din Coreea de Sud ucide 5 oameni	Incendiu la o stație de autobuz din Coreea de Sud ucide 7 oameni	Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5	S Korea bus station fire kills seven
3.4	Patru civili, trei soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	Trei soldați NATO uciși în Afganistan	Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
1.6	Protestatarii inundă străzile pentru a revendica revoluția	Egipt: Protestatarii au luat cu asalt sediul Frăției Musulmane	Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
2.8	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în scădere cu 0.24%	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în creștere cu 0.52%	Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
4.6	Australia înapoiază solicitanții de azil politic Sri Lankăi printr-un transfer maritim	Australia: Australia restituie solicitanții de azil politic Sri Lankăi	Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
0.2	Victimele exploziei de la Shankill vor fi comemorate	Trupul victimei crocodilului a fost recuperat	Shankill blast victims to be remembered	Crocodile victim's body recovered
1.4	118 persoane ucise în exploziile gemene din Nigeria	Zece morți în noua explozie din Rusia	118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia
4.4	Starul din Glee, Cory Monteith, găsit mort în camera de hotel din Canada	Starul din Glee, Cory Monteith, găsit mort	Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
0.4	Bilanțul morților în urma taifunului Yolanda urcă la 3,621	Crucea Roșie din Kenya spune că numărul morților crește la 68	Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
1.8	Acțiunile bursei din Tokyo închid cu o creștere de 0.13%	Acțiunile bursei din Tokyo închid cu o scădere de 0.75%	Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
3.6	Iranul spune că este pregătit pentru o nouă rundă de discuții pe teme nucleare	Politicianul iranian Khamenei reafirmă sprijinul pentru dezbaterile privind domeniul nuclear	Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
4.4	Ciocnirile dintre poliție și protestatari continuă în Turcia	Poliția turcă luptă împotriva protestatarilor, eliberând piața	Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
1.2	Celor care li s-au refuzat cardurile de sănătate sunt îndemnați să contacteze HSE	Șeful HSE apără planul cardurilor de sănătate	Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	HSE boss defends medical-card plan
0.0	Cea mai mare clădire din lume a fost deschisă în vestul Chinei	Partidul de centru-stânga al Italiei se fragmentează în urma votului de la alegerile prezidențiale	World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
1.2	Israelian ușor rănit de pietre în Cisiordania	Trupele israeliene ucid un palestinian în raidul din Cisiordania	Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
3.2	Numărul morților din protestele din Egipt crește la 49	Numărul morților în violențele din Egipt crește la 638	Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
3.0	Opoziția siriană este de acord cu negocierile de pace	Opoziția din Siria e presată să participe la discuții	Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
0.0	Statisticile sărăciei pun la îndoială afirmațiile lui Modi legate de dezvoltare	GM va începe să accepte cererile de compensare pentru rechemare de la 1 august	Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
0.0	Rebelii pro-Rusia vor organiza alegeri în Ucraina	Rebelii sirieni : Am ucis oameni din Hezbollah în Liban	Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
2.6	Georgienii votează noul președinte	Aliatul premierului miliardar al Georgiei va fi președinte - exit poll	Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
4.2	Boala respiratorie MERS găsită în SUA, confirmă oficialii	Primul caz de MERS, o boală respiratorie asemănătoare SARS, raportat în America de Nord	MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
4.8	UE declară organizația militară Hezbollah ca fiind o grupare teroristă	UE pune organizația militară a Hezbollah pe lista teroriștilor	EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
1.8	Germania salută acordul nuclear al Iranului	Siria salută acordul nuclear al Iranului	Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
2.2	Ce spun ziarele, 25 iunie, 2013	Ce spun ziarele, 19 august, 2013	What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
4.8	Oameni înarmați ucid nouă străini în Pakistan	Oameni înarmați ucid nouă turiști în Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
1.8	2 comercianți indieni blocați în China au fost trimiși înapoi acasă	46 de asistente medicale indiene blocate în Irak se întorc acasă	2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
3.6	Guvernatorul Californiei declară stare de urgență din cauza secetei	Guvernatorul Californiei declară stare de urgență din cauza secetei, în timp ce incendiile de pădure continuă	California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
0.4	Discuțiile de pace cu palestinienii ar dura luni: un oficial al Israelului	O fetiță palestiniană de 3 ani ucisă în raidul israelian	Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
0.6	17:02 23 de oameni uciși în atentatele cu mașini din Irak	11 copii uciși în atentatele din Siria	17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	11 children killed in Syria bombings
1.2	Doi morți și mai mulți oameni captivi într-o clădire ce s-a prăbușit recent în Mumbai	Doi oameni captivi într-o clădire ce s-a prăbușit în SUA	Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as US building collapses
0.0	Atacurile aeriene ucid zeci de oameni în nordul Siriei	Ucraina nu va ceda niciun milimetru în cazul Crimeei	Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
1.4	Turist chinez răpit din Malaezia	China înapoiază 10 copii răpiți din Vietnam	Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
2.2	Inspectorii ONU salută progresul asupra armelor chimice din Siria	SUA nu a concluzionat că Siria a folosit arme chimice - Casa Albă	UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
0.0	Două arestări efectuate după protestul împotriva lui Nigel Farage	Kerry promite că s-au făcut progrese după cea mai recentă călătorie din Orientul Mijlociu	Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
2.4	Oameni înarmați ucid 15 soldați libieni	Oameni înarmați ucid 3 soldați libieni lângă Siria	Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
4.4	Imaginile arată că operațiunea Costa Concordia a fost finalizată	Cronologia operațiunii Costa Concordia	Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation	Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
5.0	Dezbaterile din Iran privind domeniul nuclear intră în a treia zi	Dezbaterile cruciale din Iran privind domeniul nulear intră în a treia zi	Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
5.0	Protestatarii se adună în Brazilia, în ciuda concesiilor	Protestele mătură Brazilia în ciuda concesiei	Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
4.6	Premierul australian Kevin Rudd convoacă alegerile pe 7 septembrie	Premierul australian Rudd convoacă alegeri pe 7 septembrie	Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September	Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
3.0	Se preconizează că dezbaterile privind domeniul nuclear din Iran vor continua săptămâna aceasta	Marea Britanie: dezbaterile privin domeniul nuclear din Iran ating un punct critic	Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
2.2	Bangkokul, tensionat în ajunul alegerilor thailandeze	Bangladesh: Represiunea escaladează înainte de alegeri	Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
0.0	China „va proteja interesele” afacerilor străine	Obama în confruntare „directă” cu Putin în legătură cu Ucraina	China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
5.0	D.C. votează pentru dezincriminarea marijuanei	DC votează pentru dezincriminarea marijuanei	D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	DC votes to decriminalize pot
0.0	Numeroși morți în urma scufundării unei nave lângă Australia	Mandela își petrece a treia zi în spital	Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital
2.6	Președintele Coreei de Nord, Kim, salută execuția unui unchi puternic	Intriga nord-coreeană: Execuția puterii	North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
4.2	Margaret Thatcher moare după un accident vascular cerebral	Margaret Thatcher moare la 87 de ani	Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
2.4	Președintele chinez sosește în Olanda pentru o vizită de stat, summitul nuclear	Președintele chinez ajunge în Venezuela pentru o vizită de stat	Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
2.4	Israel sancționează palestinienii într-o nouă lovitură adusă negocierilor de pace	Israelul va elibera prizonierii palestinieni ca parte a acordului de relansare a negocierilor de pace	Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
4.8	Cameraman Sky News din Marea Britanie a fost ucis în Egipt	Cameraman Sky News ucis în Egipt	UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
4.4	Volumul acțiunilor crește în tranzacțiile de dimineață	Volumul acțiunilor crește ușor în tranzacțiile de dimineață	Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading
1.4	Expert audio de la FBI depune mărturie în procesul Zimmerman	Începe selecția juriului în procesul lui Zimmerman	FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
4.4	Dezbaterile din Iran privind domeniul nuclear vor fi extinse până în noiembrie	Dezbaterile din Iran privind domeniul nuclear vor fi extinse până în 24 noiembrie	Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
1.2	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă de la Maratonul din Boston va apărea în fața instanței	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă de la Maratonul din Boston înmormântat	Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	Boston bombing suspect buried
3.2	Bilanțul morților în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri din India ajunge la 42	Bilanțul morților în urma prăbușirii unei clădiri din India ajunge la 25	Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25
0.4	Obama anunță crearea de centre de producție gemene	Acțiunile SUA în scădere după publicarea datelor referitoare la producție	Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
4.8	Cinci persoane acuzate de terorism	Cinci persoane acuzate de terorism	Five charged with terrorism offences	Five People Charged With Terror Offences
0.8	Președintele Obama dezvăluie planurile de retragere a trupelor din Afganistan până în 2016	Încetarea activității guvernului SUA: Obama le spune republicanilor să renunțe la amenințarea economiei SUA dacă vor dezbateri	President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
2.6	SUA, NATO se îndoiesc că Rusia s-a retras de la granița Ucrainei	Niciun semn în legătură cu retragerea Rusiei de la granița Ucrainei, spune un oficial	US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
3.4	Actualizare FTSE Bursa Malaysia: ora 11.30 am	Actualizare FTSE Bursa Malaysia: ora 3.00 pm	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
2.8	Căutarea elicopterului prăbușit în Glasgow se încheie	Prăbușirea elicopterului în Glasgow: femeia pilot este victimă	Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
3.2	Citate în știri	Citatele zilei	Quotations in the News	Quotations of the day
1.8	Philip părăsește spitalul după 11 zile	Mandela părăsește spitalul după 10 zile	Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
4.6	Fragmentul de os „ar putea aparține regelui Alfred”	Rămășițele din Winchester ar putea aparține regelui Alfred cel Mare	Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
3.8	Israelul eliberează al doilea grup de prizonieri palestinieni	Israelul eliberează 26 de prizonieri palestinieni	Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
3.8	Doi parașutiști au murit în SUA după ce s-au ciocnit în timpul săriturilor	Doi parașutiști au murit în Arizona după ce s-au ciocnit în timpul săriturilor	Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
3.8	Jetpack-urile „Iron Man” stârnesc îngrijorări în Hawaii	Jetpack-urile „Iron Man” stârnesc îngrijorări	'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
4.6	Israelul eliberează prizonieri palestinieni	Israelul eliberează 26 de prizonieri palestinieni	Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
2.6	Franța spune că nu va „ocoli responsabilitățile” în Siria	Franța îndeamnă UE să fie unită în ceea ce privește Siria	France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	France urges EU to be united on Syria
3.4	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă din Boston identificat de camerele de supraveghere, nicio arestare	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă din Boston se afla sub supravegherea FBI-ului, spune mama acestuia	Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
3.2	Furia Chinei față de Coreea de Nord depășește îngrijorarea față de SUA	Furia Chinei față de Coreea de Nord depășește îngrijorarea cu privire la avioanele invizibile americane	China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
2.2	Yuanul chinezesc s-a apreciat la un nou maxim față de dolarului american	Yuanul chinezesc s-a depreciat la 6.1705 față de dolarul american	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
3.2	Bărbat reținut după ce a împușcat un tânăr în Belfast	Bărbat de 40 de ani arestat după ce a tras cu arma	Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting
1.2	Poliția oprește alegerile prezidențiale din Maldive	Keita câștigă alegerile prezidențiale din Mali	Police stop Maldives presidential election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
3.6	Armata indiană a ucis 3 militanți în Kashmir, oraș controlat de indieni	Armata indiană a ucis un comandant militant în Kashmir, oraș controlat de indieni	Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
1.2	Mașină capcană ucide 20 de oameni în nord-vestul Siriei	Mașină capcană ucide 40 de oameni în nord-vestul Pakistanului	Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
0.4	Iranul face schimb de petrol cu ​​vecinii din est	Iranul solicită imediata eliberare a diplomatului	Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
0.0	Președintele Turciei face apel la calm	Statul texas aprobă temporar legea avortului	Turkey president appeals for calm	Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
2.8	Coreea de Nord a efectuat un test balistic, lansând 30 de rachete în mare	Coreea de Nord „trage 100 de obuze” în mare	North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
2.2	Un bărbat din comitatul Donegal a murit după ce i-a luat foc casa	O femeie din comitatul Cork a murit după ce i-a luat foc casa	Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
0.6	Explozia unei butelii de gaz din Doha a ucis 12 oameni și a rănit zeci de persoane	Racheta din Siria ucide 26 de oameni, inclusiv 8 copii	Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
0.2	Secțiile de votare se deschid în cadrul alegerilor prezidențiale din Ucraina	Încep nominalizările pentru e.TV premiile pentru cele mai influente persoane din Ghana	Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
2.6	India Ink: Fotografia zilei: 21 aprilie	India Ink: Fotografia zilei: 2 mai	India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
5.0	Doi jurnaliști francezi uciși în Mali	Franța confirmă că doi jurnaliști francezi au fost uciși în Mali	Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
3.2	Oamenii înarmați ucid 9 turiști în Pakistan	Oameni înarmați atacă un hotel dintr-o zonă izolată a Pakistanului	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
4.6	Israel și Hamas vor respecta scurtul armistițiu din Gaza	Israel și Hamas „acceptă un armistițiu temporar”	Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce	Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
0.4	Regiunea tensionată Xinjiang din China, lovită de mai multe violențe	Populația din mediul online al Chinei crește la 618 milioane	China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	China's online population rises to 618 mln
3.8	Încăierări în China între rudele victimelor și poliție după ce un incendiu a ucis 120 de persoane	Familiile furioase solicită răspunsuri după ce un incendiu la o fabrică din China a ucis 119 oameni	Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
2.4	Iranul respinge cererea privind bombele cu clor	Iranul respinge cererea MKO privind situl nuclear	Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
3.8	Soția unui ministru indian a suferit o „moarte misterioasă” după apariția unor zvonuri despre o aventură?	Moartea „nefirească” a soției ministrului	India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
0.2	3 morți și 1 rănit într-un schimb de focuri de la un motel de pe malul oceanului din Carolina de Sud	4 morți și 30 de răniți într-un accident feroviar de lângă Moscova	3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
1.0	Înmormântarea suspectului atentatului cu bombă din Boston pare legală	„Gata să plec acasă”:Ultima victimă a atentatului cu bombă din Boston părăsește spitalul	Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
1.2	5 morți în urma prăbușirii unui drum din sudul Chinei	02:41 156 de morți într-un cutremur din China	5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
0.0	Președintele Africii de Sud: Mandela se simte mai bine	Președintele Afganistanului amână semnarea acordului cu SUA	South Africa president: Mandela is improving	Afghan president delays signing US deal
0.6	Actualizări despre știrile internaționale, ce trebuie să știți	Cota de impozitare a muncii de 50p: ce trebuie să știți	World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
1.2	Războiul civil din Siria în fotografii	Negocierile de pace legate de războiul civil din Siria sunt în pericol din cauza invitării Iranului	Syrian civil war in photos	Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
1.0	Abdullah își mărește avansul în alegerile prezidențiale afgane	Explozii auzite lângă palatul prezidențial afgan	Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
4.2	Imran învinuiește rivalul pentru uciderea colegului	Prim-ministrul pakistanez Imran își învinovățește rivalul pentru uciderea unui membru al partidului	Imran blames rival for colleague murder	Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
2.8	Bangladesh onorează victimele de la fabrică	Comercianții susțin pactul de siguranță al fabricilor din Bangladesh	Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
3.0	Bărbatul care și-a dat foc în National Mall a murit	Un bărbat care și-a dat foc în National Mall a fost dus la spital	Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
5.0	Japonia își apără vânătoarea de delfini după ce a fost criticată de SUA	Japonia își apără vânătoarea de delfini după criticile primite de la SUA	Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
1.4	O bombă a explodat la un centru comercial din Nigeria, 12 morți	Bombă explodează înainte de mitingul opoziției indiene omorând 4 oameni	Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
3.4	Bilanțul morților taifunului din Filipine ajunge la 4.460: ONU	Bilanțul morților taifunului din Filipine trece de 5,000	Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
0.6	Poliția trage cu gaze lacrimogene în protestatarii venezueleni	Moștenitorul lui Chavez, Maduro, câștigă președinția Venezuelei	Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
1.8	Valul de atacuri ucide cel puțin 95 de persoane în Irak	Atentat sinucigaș ucide cel puțin 12 oameni în nordul Irakului	Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
3.4	Consilier politic de top din China se întâlnește cu prim-ministrul grec	Consilierul politic de top din China se întâlnește cu președintele Yemenului	Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
4.0	Diplomat palestinian rănit într-o explozie din Praga	Diplomat palestinian rănit într-o explozie dintr-un apartament	Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague	Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
5.0	Liderul Ucrainei promite dezbateri în legătură cu criza	Liderul Ucrainei promite dezbateri în legătură cu criza	Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
3.0	7 morți în atacurile din Irak	16 morți într-o serie de atacuri în Irak	7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
1.2	Prezența armatei americane în Asia de Est	NATO crește prezența militară pe fondul amenințării rusești	US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
5.0	SUA consideră că guvernul sirian a folosit arme chimice	SUA suspectează că Siria a folosit arme chimice	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
4.0	Puterile mondiale și Iranul vor relua dezbaterile privind domeniul nuclear pe 30 decembrie	Experți în domeniul nuclear din Iran și puterile mondiale vor continua dezbaterile săptămâna viitoare	World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
1.4	Frăția Musulmană din Egipt refuză să cedeze	Instanța din Egipt l-a condamnat pe liderul Frăției Musulmane la închisoare pe viață	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
2.2	Cel puțin 6 morți în Canada în urma unui accident dintre un autobuz și un tren	Cel puțin 6 morți în accidentul feroviar din Paris	At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
1.8	Președintele chinez se întâlnește cu premierul grec, cerând un parteneriat mai puternic	Președintele chinez se întâlnește cu vicepreședintele indian	Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	Chinese president meets Indian vice president
5.0	AstraZeneca plătește 4.1 miliarde de dolari pentru a cumpăra partea Bristol-Myers Squibb din alianța în privința diabetului	AstraZeneca va cumpăra partea Bristol din cadrul asocierii pentru diabet, pentru 4.1 miliarde de dolari	AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
0.0	Fugar italian arestat în Republica Dominicană	Un spărgător de gheață australian ajunge în Antarctica de Est pentru o nouă tentativă de salvare	Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
1.4	India și SUA vor discuta despre China săptămâna viitoare	Egiptul va purta mai multe discuții cu FMI despre împrumut săptămâna viitoare	India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
4.8	Israelul declanșează o ofensivă terestră în Gaza	Israelul lansează o ofensivă terestră în Gaza	Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
3.8	Ehud Olmert, fost prim-ministru israelian, condamnat la șase ani de închisoare pentru corupție	Ehud Olmert a fost condamnat la șase ani de închisoare în Israel	Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
3.8	Brahimi își cere scuze Siriei pentru lipsa progresului în ceea ce privește instaurarea păcii	Mediatorul își cere scuze sirienilor pentru lipsa progresului în ceea ce privește pacea	Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
0.4	Protestatarii egipteni emit un ultimatum pentru demisia lui Morsi	Protestatarii din Ucraina se luptă cu poliția în noi ciocniri	Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
0.0	5 lucruri de știut despre Jocurile Olimpice de la Soci	7 lucruri de știut despre etanol	5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	7 Things to Know About Ethanol
2.6	Acțiunile de pe bursa din China deschid miercuri în scădere	Acțiunile de pe bursa din China închid luni în scădere	China stocks open lower on Wednesday	China's stocks close lower on Monday
3.4	SUA întârzie testul balistic pe măsură ce tensiunile cresc	William Hague: Decizia SUA de a opri testul balistic a fost înțeleaptă	US delays missile test as tensions rise	William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
5.0	Un incendiu în Beijing ucide 10 oameni	Un incendiu în Beijing ucide 10 oameni	Fire in Beijing kills 10	Fire in Beijing kills ten
3.8	India și China semnează un pact pentru graniță; alte 8 acorduri	India și China semnează un acord pentru râurile transfrontaliere	India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
5.0	Venezuela exilează trei diplomați americani	Venezuela exilează 3 diplomați americani	Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
5.0	Un nor uriaș de smog într-un oraș din nordul Chinei, zboruri anulate	Un nor uriaș de smog într-un oraș din nordul Chinei, zboruri anulate	Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
1.4	Rusia susține că a dejucat un posibil atentat terorist	Rusia spune că „obiecte” balistice au fost trase în Marea Mediterană	Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
0.4	3 turiști chinezi uciși în Pakistan	Șapte răpitori au fost uciși în sudul Nigeriei	3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
0.0	Cupa Mondială de Rugby Sevens, la îndemâna Kenyei	Conflict al stilurilor la deschiderea procesului privind decesul unui tânăr	Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
2.6	Oameni înarmați ucid 10 turiști străini în nordul Pakistanului	Militanți islamiști au ucis 9 turiști străini și un pakistanez	Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
3.4	Austriac descoperit depozitând 56 de cranii furate într-un muzeu privat	Cranii furate găsite într-un muzeu privat	Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Stolen skulls found in home museum
5.0	Egiptul lansează o ofensivă împotriva militanților din Sinai	Egiptul lansează o ofensivă împotriva insurgenților din Sinai	Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
4.0	Valul record de căldură din sud-vest devine fatal	Cel puțin un mort și 40 de persoane internate din cauza valului de căldură din sud-vest	Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
4.6	Curte americană: Detroit este eligibil pentru protecția împotriva falimentului	Detroit este eligibil pentru protecția împotriva falimentului	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
4.2	Autoarea britanică câștigătoare a premiului Nobel, Doris Lessing, a murit	Autoarea câștigătoare a premiului Nobel, Doris Lessing, a murit	British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
4.8	Guvernul israelian autorizează noi așezări înainte de dezbateri	Israelul aprobă noi zone de locuit înainte de dezbaterile despre pace	Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
1.6	Liderul talibanilor pakistanezi a fost ucis într-un atac american cu drone	Înmormântarea liderului talibanilor pakistanezi „pregătită să aibă loc”	Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
3.6	Putin semnează tratatul de anexare a Crimeei	09:32 Putin semnează anexarea Crimeei	Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
1.8	Administrația Federală a Aviației din SUA continuă să interzică zborurile americane către Tel Aviv	Administrația Federală a Aviației din SUA ridică interdicția zborurilor americane către Tel Aviv	FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
3.2	Delegatul chinez respinge acuzațiile vietnameze și filipineze asupra Mării Chinei de Sud	Politicianul Xi din China spune că Vietnamul dorește pace în Marea Chinei de Sud	Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
2.8	Încă patru persoane arestate în cadrul celui mai mare sindicat ilegal de importuri de tutun din Australia	Poliția are în vizor sindicatul ilegal care se ocupa cu importul de tutun	Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
0.4	Obama acționează pentru a întregi comitetul Rezervei Federale, îl numește pe Fischer vicepreședinte	Obama își exprimă dorința de a discuta cu Partidul Republican în legătură cu bugetul	Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
1.6	Președintele Iranului critică utilizarea armelor chimice în Siria	Cercetarările arată posibilă utilizare a armelor chimice în Siria	Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
0.4	O societate care se destramă la margini	Vechile aliniamente TV se distrug la margini	A society fraying at the edges	Old TV alignments crack at the edges
5.0	Națiunile Unite invită Iranul la Conferința de Pace din Siria	Națiunile Unite: Iranul invitat să participe la Conferința de Pace din Siria	UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
0.0	Numărul morților din accidentul de autobuz din Italia se află în creștere	Starbucks le oferă angajaților șansa la studii superioare	Italy bus crash death toll rises	Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
4.2	Arbitrul de fotbal lovit de un jucător a murit	Poliția: Arbitrul de fotbal din Utah lovit cu pumnul de un jucător a murit	Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies	Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
0.4	Angela Merkel se îndreaptă spre o victorie la limită la alegerile din Germania	Noul președinte al Malawi a depus jurământul după alegeri contestate	Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
1.2	Israelul închide 37 de palestinieni în timp ce operațiunea de arestare continuă	Israelul critică poziția palestiniană față de localnici	Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
1.2	Rebelii ucid 21 de civili în satul alauit din Siria	Bombă ucide 18 civili în Afganistan	Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
5.0	Oameni din lumea întreagă trimit ajutor de urgență către greu încercatul Filipine	Taifunul Haiyan: Oameni din lumea întreagă trimit ajutoare către greu încercatul Filipine	World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
1.2	Palestinianul în greva foamei ajunge la un acord cu Israelul	Activist palestinian reținut în urma unui raid israelian	Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
4.8	Assad spune că Siria va respecta rezoluția ONU privind armele	Președintele Siriei, Assad, jură că va respecta rezoluția ONU	Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
4.6	Președintele sud-coreean își exprimă scuzele privind reacția în cazul feribotului	Președintele Coreei de Sud „își cere scuze” pentru catastrofa feribotului	South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
0.0	Creșterea prețului alimentelor produce îngrijorări în Iran	Americanul Chris Horner câștigă Turul Spaniei	Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
2.0	Obama a luat o decizie de ultimă oră cu privire la decizia în legătură cu Siria	Obama analizează limitarea acțiunilor militare în Siria	Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
4.0	Un șofer intră cu spatele mașinii într-un cărucior cu un copil, apoi părăsește zona	Un șofer lovește cu spatele mașinii o mamă și un copil în cărucior, apoi părăsește zona	Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off	Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off
5.0	Prințesa Spaniei depune mărturie în procesul istoric de fraudă	Prințesa Spaniei depune mărturie în procesul istoric de fraudă	Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe	Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
5.0	Senatul confirmă persoana numită de Obama la o curte de apel cheie	Senatul aprobă persoana numită de Obama la o curte de apel cheie	Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court	Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
5.0	Șeful ONU pentru drepturile omului presează Egiptul cu privire la detenția lui Morsi	Șeful ONU pentru drepturile omului presează Egiptul cu privire la detenția lui Morsi	U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Morsi detention	UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
5.0	Senatul din SUA a confirmat-o pe Janet Yellen în funcția de șef al Rezervei Federale SUA	Senatul din SUA a confirmat-o pe Janet Yellen ca viitor șef al Rezervei Federale SUA	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
5.0	Grupurile rebelilor sirieni se luptă între ele în nord	Grupurile rebelilor sirieni se luptă între ele în nord	Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North	Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
3.0	Mayawati cere guvernarea președintelui în Kashmir	Mayawati cere guvernarea președintelui în Jammu și Kashmir	Mayawati demands president's rule in Kashmir	Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
4.0	Președintele Ugandei semnează proiectul de lege împotriva homosexualilor	Președintele Ugandei aprobă legea dură împotriva homosexualilor	Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
5.0	Se aruncă cu pietre și gaze lacrimogene pe măsură ce protestele din Thailanda iau amploare	Se aruncă cu pietre și gaze lacrimogene pe măsură ce protestele din Thailanda iau amploare	Rocks, Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up	Rocks, tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up
5.0	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă de la Maratonul din Boston înmormântat în Virginia	Suspectul atentatului cu bombă de la Maratonul din Boston înmormântat într-un cimitir din Virginia	Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
5.0	Șase morți în explozia dintr-un restaurant din Filipine	6 morți în explozia dintr-un restaurant din Filipine	Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast	6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
5.0	Ziarul armatei chineze atacă programul american PRISM	Ziarul armatei chineze atacă programul american PRISM	China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme	China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program
4.0	Silvio Berlusconi exclus din parlamentul italian	Silvio Berlusconi exclus din parlament	Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament	Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
5.0	Doi morți în explozia unei mașini din Bahrain	Doi morți în explozia unei mașini din Bahrain	Two killed in Bahrain car explosion	Two killed in Bahrain car blast
5.0	Rusia avertizează că va riposta dacă îi sunt atacate interesele din Ucraina	Rusia avertizează că „va riposta” dacă îi sunt atacate interesele din Ucraina	Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine	Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked
4.0	Rejudecarea lui Hosni Mubarak a fost amânată până pe 8 iunie	Rejudecarea lui Hosni Mubarak a fost amânată pe iunie	Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June	Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
4.0	Protestatarii din Egipt sfidează amenințarea cabinetului de a pune capăt demonstrațiilor	Protestatarii din Egipt sfidează amenințarea cabinetului	Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins	Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
5.0	Un cuplu s-a căsătorit printr-o primă ceremonie scientologică oficiată în Marea Britanie	Un cuplu s-a căsătorit la prima ceremonie scientologică oficiată în Marea Britanie	Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding	Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding
4.0	Emirul Qatarului îi cedează puterea fiului său	Emirul Qatarului îi cedează puterea fiului său, Tamim	Qatar's emir hands power to his son	Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
3.0	Temeri că bilanțul morților în urma taifunului din Filipine va ajunge la 7,000	Bilanțul morților în urma taifunului din Filipine depășește 5,000	Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
4.0	Egiptul se pregătește de „Vinerea furiei” după carnagiu	Egiptul se pregătește de „Vinerea furiei” după represiuni sângeroase	Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage	Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
4.0	Red Sox i-a învins pe Tigers cu 5 la 2 ajungând în World Series	Red Sox i-a învins pe Tigers ajungând în World Series	Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
4.0	China aterizează roverul Jade Rabbit pe lună	China aterizează un rover pe lună	China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon	China lands robot rover on moon
4.0	Parlamentul ucrainean demite președintele	Parlamentul ucrainean votează demiterea președintelui	Ukrainian parliament dismisses president	Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president
5.0	Parlamentarii din Venezuela se încaieră pe fondul tensiunilor electorale	Parlamentarii din Venezuela se încaieră pe fondul tensiunilor electorale	Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions	Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
5.0	Coreea de Nord avertizează străinii din Sud, recomandând evacuarea	Coreea de Nord îi avertizează străinii din Sud îndemnând evacuarea	North Korea Warns Foreigners in South, Advising Evacuation	North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
4.0	Căpitanul feribotului sud-coreean scufundat a fost arestat	Căpitanul feribotului sud-coreean răsturnat a fost arestat	Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested	Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
3.0	Mașini și șoferi au plonjat în râu după prăbușirea podului I-5 din Washington	Mașini au plonjat în râu din cauza unui pod ce s-a prăbușit în SUA	Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse	Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
5.0	Numărul morților din Siria depășește acum 100.000	Până acum, numărul morților din Siria a trecut de 100,000	Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000	Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
4.0	7 polițiști filipinezi au fost uciși într-o ambuscadă pusă la cale de rebelii comuniști	Rebelii comuniști au ucis opt polițiști filipinezi	Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7	Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police
3.0	Acuzarea afirmă că fostul președinte al Egiptului, Morsi, va fi judecat pentru evadare din închisoare și crimă	Morsi, fostul președinte al Egiptului, va fi judecat pentru evadare din închisoare	Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution	Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
5.0	Dezbaterile din Iran privind domeniul nuclear intră în a treia zi	Dezbaterile din Iran privind domeniul nuclear intră în a treia zi crucială	Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
3.0	Armata thailandeză instituie legea marțială	Armata thailandeză instituie legea marțială, neagă lovitura de stat	Thai army declares martial law	Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup
4.0	O femeie a murit în timp ce se dădea într-un carusel în Texas	O femeie a murit în timp ce se dădea într-un carusel într-un parc de distracții din Texas	Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas	Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park
4.0	Autoarea câștigătoare a premiului Nobel, Doris Lessing, a murit la 94 de ani	Autoarea câștigătoare a premiului Nobel, Doris Lessing, a murit	Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
5.0	Peste 100 de morți din cauza unui taifun ce a lovit zona centrală a Republicii Filipine	Cel puțin 100 de morți în urma taifunului ce a lovit Filipine	Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines	At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
4.0	În Chennai se inaugurează, într-un oficiu poștal, primul ATM pentru depozite de economii	În Chennai se inaugurează, într-un oficiu poștal, primul ATM pentru depozite de economii	First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai	India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
3.0	Israelul e de acord cu încetarea focului timp de 12 ore	Israelul e de acord cu armistițiul de 24 ore în Gaza	Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire	Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
3.0	USGS: Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.9 pe scara Richter lovește insula Sumatra din Indonezia	Cutremur cu magnitudinea de 6.9 pe scara Richter lovește o insulă din Indonezia	Quake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS	Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
4.0	Un cascador britanic moare într-un accident ce a implicat un costum special cu aripi	Un cascador britanic moare într-un accident ce a implicat un costum special cu aripi în Alpi	British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap	British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
5.0	Ce îi determină pe indieni să voteze? Dezbateri la Festivalul de Literatură din Jaipur	Ce îi determină pe indieni să voteze? Dezbateri la Festivalul de Literatură din Jaipur	What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates	What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
4.0	Diamantul alb bate recordul la licitația din Hong Kong	Diamantul alb obține un record de 34 de milioane de dolari la licitația HK	White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction	White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction
3.0	Satelitul chinez identifică un obiect mare în zona de căutare	Malaezia: satelitul chinez a găsit un obiect în ocean	Chinese satellite spots large object in search area	Malaysia: Chinese satellite found object in ocean
5.0	Hamas îndeamnă Hezbollah să retragă luptătorii din Siria	Hamas îndeamnă Hezbollah să retragă forțele din Siria	Hamas Urges Hezbollah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria	Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
3.0	SUA și Rusia ajung la un acord cu privire la armele chimice ale Siriei	China salută acordul SUA și Rusia privind armele chimice din Siria	U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons	China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
4.0	PSNI (Serviciul de Poliție al Irlandei de Nord) a eșuat în cazul ofițerilor RUC, declară tribunalul	13:23 PSNI (Serviciul de Poliție al Irlandei de Nord) „a dezamăgit familiile ofițerilor RUC”	PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told	13:23 PSNI 'failed RUC officer families'
5.0	Acțiunile în scădere din cauza câștigurilor din retail	Acțiunile în scădere din cauza câștigurilor de la retaileri	Stocks edge lower following retail earnings	Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
4.0	Elicopter al poliției s-a prăbușit într-un pub din Scoția	Eicopter al poliției s-a prăbușit peste un bar din Scoția	Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
4.0	SUA crește presiunea asupra Israelului în timp ce ONU cere armistițiul din Gaza	SUA și ONU cresc presiunea asupra Israelului în ceea ce privește Gaza	US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce	US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
4.0	Premierul australian spune că semnalele „foarte puternice” provin de la cutia neagră	Premierul australian încrezător că sunetele provin de la zborul 370	Australian PM says 'Very confident' signals are from black box	Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
1.0	Starea de sănătate a lui Mandela „s-a îmbunătățit”	Starea de sănătate a lui Mandela „s-a înrăutățit în ultimele 48 de ore”	Mandela's condition has 'improved'	Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'
4.0	Philippe devine regele Belgiei	Philippe urcă pe tronul Belgiei divizate	Philippe becomes king of Belgium	Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
4.0	Partidul anticorupție din India preia conducerea la New Delhi	Partidul anticorupție din India preia conducerea guvernului la Delhi	India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi	India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
5.0	Spania aprobă o nouă lege restrictivă privind avortul	Guvernul spaniol aprobă restricții stricte privind avortul	Spain approves new restrictive abortion law	Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
2.0	Obama ordonă anchetarea Siriei privind „atacul cu gaze”	ONU solicită inspectarea Siriei privind atacul cu gaze	Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry	UN urges Syria gas attack inspection
5.0	S-a tras în reședința ambasadorului Germaniei din Atena	S-a tras în reședința ambasadorului Germaniei din Atena	German ambassador's Athens residence shot at	Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens
2.0	Figura centrală a opoziției ucrainene, Timoșenko, este eliberată	Liderul opoziției din Ucraina vrea mai multe proteste	Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free	Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
3.0	Oklahoma investighează ce nu a mers bine în execuția eșuată	Un deținut din Oklahoma moare din cauza unui atac de cord în urma unei execuții eșuate	Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution	Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
5.0	Napolitano a fost ales pentru al doilea mandat ca președinte al Italiei	Președintele italian Napolitano a fost ales pentru al doilea mandat	Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president	Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
4.0	Curtea Internațională de Justiție a condamnat 6 croați din Bosnia pentru atrocități	Curtea ONU pentru crime de război a condamnat 6 croați din Bosnia	UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities	UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
4.0	Un bărbat saudit care avea o oală sub presiune a fost arestat pe aeroportul din Detroit	Un bărbat saudit ce călătorea cu o oală sub presiune a fost arestat pe aeroportul din Detroit	Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport	Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
5.0	Coreea de Nord spune că va trimite în judecată un cetățean american	Coreea de Nord spune că turistul american reținut va fi judecat	North Korea says to put US citizen on trial	North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
3.0	Protestele thailandeze se intensifică pe fondul violențelor	Protestatarii thailandezi cer grevă generală	Thai protests escalate amid violence	Thai protesters call general strike
3.0	Egiptul impune starea de urgență după ce 95 de oameni au fost uciși	Egiptul anunță stare de urgență la nivel național timp de o lună	Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed	Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
4.0	Protestele cer „Dreptate pentru Trayvon”	În toată SUA, oamenii se adună pentru „Dreptate pentru Trayvon”	Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'	Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'
3.0	ONU avertizează asupra situației dificile a femeilor și copiilor din Homs, Siria	UNICEF cere acces sigur imediat pentru femei și copii în Homs	UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs	UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs
4.0	Hagel și Dempsey înfruntă Congresul în legătură cu bugetul Apărării	Hagel deplânge modificările „politice” ale bugetului american al apărării	Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget	"Hagel laments ""political"" changes to US defence budget"
3.0	Sony va vinde ramura PC și va reduce locurile de muncă	Sony va renunța la ramura PC, într-o revizuire majoră a activității	Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs	Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
2.0	Un bărbat a ucis 4 persoane în California înainte să fie împușcat mortal de poliție	Poliția: Atacator înarmat a ucis 6 persoane într-un schimb de focuri din California	Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead	Police: Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
2.0	Coreea de Nord deportează un american în vârstă	Coreea de Nord deportează un veteran de război al SUA arestat	N. Korea Deports Elderly American	North Korea deports detained US war veteran
1.0	Liderul căutării îndeamnă la prudență în ceea ce privește constatările legate de dispariția avionului malaezian	Căutătorii speră că semnalele provin de la avionul malaezian dispărut	Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner	Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
1.0	Mandela comemorat de familie, prin planificarea unei slujbe de pomenire pe stadion	Familia lui Mandela mulțumește națiunii și lumii pentru sprijin	Mandela remembered by family, as stadium memorial service is planned	Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support
4.0	Președintele ucrainean a declarat că s-a ajuns la un acord la discuțiile în legătură cu criza	Rivalii Ucrainei semnează un acord pentru a pune capăt crizei	Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks	Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
2.0	Obama analizează limitarea acțiunilor militare în Siria	Obama cere intervenție militară împotriva Siriei, dar va căuta aprobarea Congresului	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria	Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK
4.0	Regimul spune că prim-ministrul Siriei a supraviețiuit unei tentative de asasinare	Prim-ministrul Siriei a supraviețuit unei tentative de asasinare	Syria's PM escapes assassination try, regime says	Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
3.0	Iordania aleasă să ocupe locul Arabiei Saudite în Consiliul de Securitate al ONU	Iordania aleasă în consiliul de securitate al ONU în locul Arabiei Saudite care a refuzat	Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council	Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected
0.0	Cel puțin 18 morți în urma exploziei unei bombe dintr-o moschee din Irak	Peste 60 de morți la o înmormântare din Irak	At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing	More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
3.0	Poliția înconjoară protestatarii în Belfast înainte de G8	Protest pașnic anti-G8 desfășurat la Belfast	Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8	Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
1.0	George Zimmerman nu a fost găsit vinovat de uciderea lui Trayvon Martin	Verdictul în cazul lui George Zimmerman trimite știrile TV în zona dezbaterilor radio	George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
3.0	Zece persoane salvate în largul coastelor din Waterford și Dublin	Șase persoane salvate după ce o barcă s-a răsturnat în Golful Dublin	Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts	Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
5.0	Mandela petrece a treia zi în spital	Mandela în spital pentru a treia zi	Mandela spends third day in hospital	Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
2.0	Un mort în ciocnirile de la birourile Frăției Musulmane din Cairo	Egipt: Protestatarii au luat cu asalt sediul Frăției Musulmane	One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
2.0	Femeile saudite vor protesta împotriva interdicției de a conduce mașini	Femeile saudite conduc mașini în semn de protest, fără să întâmpine mari probleme	Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban	Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
1.0	Parlamentul rus îi permite lui Putin să folosească armata în Ucraina	Președintele Obama îl avertizează pe Putin să stea departe de Ucraina	Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
2.0	Rapoartele de externare ale lui Nelson Mandela sunt „incorecte”	Nelson Mandela se întoarce acasă după șederea în spital	Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'	Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay
1.0	Acțiunile de pe piețele mondiale cresc, în speranța că Sistemul Federal de Rezerve păstrează stimulentele	Sistemul Federal de Rezerve e așteptat să păstreze stimulentele	World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus	Fed expected to maintain stimulus
1.0	Niciun câștigător în războiul sancțiunilor	Impactul sancțiunilor asupra Rusiei	No winners in a war of sanctions	The impact of sanctions on Russia
3.0	Campionatul Mondial e lovit de un nou deces pe stadion	Un muncitor a murit pe stadionul Campionatului Mondial de Fotbal	World Cup hit by new stadium death	Worker dies at World Cup stadium
1.0	Tata Nano și alte mașini mici indiene nu au trecut testele de impact	Cum se descurcă cea mai ieftină mașină din lume la testul de impact?	Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests	How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?
3.0	Grecia ajunge la un acord cu troika, tranșa din planul de salvare este așteptată în câteva zile	Inspectorii fiscali ajung la un acord cu Grecia	Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days	Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece
5.0	Murray pune capăt celor 77 de ani de așteptare a unei victorii britanice	Murray câștigă titlul de la Wimbledon și pune capăt agoniei de 77 de ani a Marii Britanii	Murray ends 77-year wait for British win	Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
0.0	Live - Avion al Malaysia Airlines se prăbușește la frontiera Ucraina-Rusia	SUA: Rusia adună armata la granița cu Ucraina	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live	US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
2.0	SUA va stabili măsura în care au fost utilizate armele chimice de Siria	Ce știm până acum despre armele chimice utilizate în războiul civil din Siria	US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria	What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war
0.0	Războiul ascuns din Pakistan	Un nou cutremur major zguduie sud-vestul Pakistanului	The covert war in Pakistan	New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
2.0	Președintele Rusiei, Putin, pretinde autoritatea de a invada Ucraina	Kremlin: Putin nu a decis încă dacă să folosească trupele rusești în Ucraina	Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine	Kremlin: Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine
3.0	Înalt funcționar al Partidului Comunist din China se întâlnește cu trimisul special al liderului RPDC	Liderul nord-coreean trimite „un emisar special” în China	Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy	North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China
1.0	Tulburările din Turcia continuă, în ciuda opririi protestului din parc	Prim-ministrul turc Erdogan spune că e „datoria” sa de a ordona represiunea împotriva protestului din parcul din Istanbul	Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest	"Turkish PM Erdogan says ""duty"" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest"
5.0	Papa cere acțiuni privind schimbările climatice în proiectul enciclicei	Papa cere acțiuni privind schimbările climatice în proiectul enciclicei	Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical	Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
2.0	Acțiunile de pe piețele din Singapore deschid joi cu o scădere de 0.28%	Acțiunile de pe piețele din Singapore deschid joi cu o creștere de 0.19%	Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday	Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday
5.0	Cine e Jihadi John?	Cine a fost „Jihadi John”?	Who Is Jihadi John?	Who was 'Jihadi John?'
2.0	Titluri importante în principalele ziare iraniene din 4 octombrie	Titluri importante în principalele ziare iraniene din 19 octombrie	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4	Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
4.0	Titularul procuraturii generale a SUA demisionează	Procurorul general al SUA, Eric Holder, demisionează	US Attorney General Holder resigns	US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
5.0	SUA și UE extind sancțiunile asupra Rusiei	SUA și UE extind sancțiunile asupra Rusiei	U.S., EU Widen Sanctions On Russia	U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia
1.0	Cele mai importante știri din Asia de la ora 2:30 p.m. GMT	Cele mai importante știri din Asia de la ora 1:25 p.m. GMT	Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT	Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
2.0	Cum a evoluat miercuri indicele industrial Dow Jones	Cum a evoluat luni indicele industrial Dow Jones	How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday	How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
4.0	Hajj va continua, în ciuda prăbușirii macaralei, au promis oficialii	Hajj va continua, în ciuda prăbușirii macaralei	Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow	Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
3.0	Partidul Republican din SUA îl alege pe Paul Ryan ca purtător de cuvânt	Partidul Republican din SUA îl alege pe reticentul Ryan ca purtător de cuvânt	US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker	US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
3.0	Cele mai importante știri din Asia de la ora 4:00 p.m. GMT	Cele mai importante știri din Asia de la ora 8:39 a.m. GMT	Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT	Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
1.0	Acțiunile de pe piețele din Singapore deschid miercuri cu o creștre de 0.83%	Acțiunile de pe piețele din Singapore deschid marți cu o scădere de 0.06%	Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday	Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
1.0	Contractele futures pe obligațiuni din China deschid marți în creștere	Contractele futures pe obligațiuni din China închid miercuri indecis	China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday	China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
5.0	Titularul procuraturii generale a SUA demisionează	Titularul procuraturii generale a SUA, Eric Holder, demisionează	US Attorney General Holder resigns	Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
3.0	Titluri importante în principalele ziare iraniene din 27 septembrie	Titluri din câteva ziare iraniene din 19 octombrie	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27	Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
4.0	China este în alertă maximă privind taifunul Kalmaegi	China emite o alertă galbenă pentru taifunul Kalmaegi	China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi	China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
3.0	Atacurile aeriene conduse de Arabia Saudită au lovit capitala Yemenului	Atacurile aeriene saudite din capitala Yemenului ucid 29 de persoane	Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital	Saudi airstrikes in Yemen's capital kill 29
3.0	Poliția din Mali vânează ucigașii jihadiști din clubul de noapte	Militanții atacă ONU în timp ce poliția din Mali vânează ucigașii jihadiști din clubul de noapte	Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers	Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
1.0	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea de 7,3 pe scara Richter a lovit Nepalul	Un cutremur cu magnitudinea 6,6 pe scara Richter a lovit Indonezia	7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal	6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
4.0	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în creștere după piața fluctuantă americană	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în creștere, urmând câștigurile SUA	Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market	Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
1.0	Parlamentul Iranului susține acordul nuclear	Extremiștii din Iran atacă acordul nuclear	Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal	Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
5.0	Hawaii se pregătește pentru primul uragan din ultimii 22 de ani	Hawaii se pregătește de apropierea primului uragan din ultimii 22 de ani	Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years	Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
2.0	Atentatele cu bombă din Irak au ucis cel puțin 26 de persoane	Atentator sinucigaș din Irak ucide cel puțin 12 persoane	Iraq bombings kill at least 26	Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
3.0	Sierra Leone în carantină din cauza Ebola	Sierra Leone ajunge la ultima zi de carantină cauzată de Ebola	Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown	Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
4.0	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în creștere după piața fluctuantă americană	Acțiunile din Tokyo deschid în creștere, urmând performanțele notabile ale SUA	Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market	Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
0.0	4 morți, mai mulți răniți în accidentul auto din sud-vestul Chinei	Doi morți, șaptesprezece răniți în accidentul rutier din Raiwind	4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident	Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
3.0	Peste 3.400 de migranți salvați în Marea Mediterană	Peste 2.000 de migranți au fost salvați de pe bărci din lemn în Marea Mediterană	More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean	Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean
4.0	Lewis Hamilton pleacă din pole position în GP-ul rusesc	Lewis Hamilton câștigă GP-ul inaugural al Rusiei	Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP	Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP
2.0	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU audiază ultimul ... al trimisului din Yemen	Consiliul de Securitate al ONU îi îndeamnă pe rebelii Houthi din Yemen să înceteze ...	UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...	UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...
1.0	Forțele israeliene arestează 21 de palestinieni peste noapte, ciocniri cu localnicii	Forțele de securitate israeliene au arestat 8 palestinieni în raidurile nocturne din Cisiordania	Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight, clash with locals	Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
0.0	4 morți, 3 răniți în accidentul rutier din China de Est	2 morți, 8 răniți în accidentul rutier din zona centrală a Israelului	4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident	2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident
2.0	Piețe financiare live: Se așteaptă statisticile din China	Piețe financiare live: China resimte efectele	Markets Live: Waiting for China data	Markets Live: China drags
2.0	Ciocniri între palestinieni și poliția israeliană la moscheea Al-Aqsa din Ierusalim	Palestinianul împușcat de poliția israeliană în Ierusalimul de Est a murit	Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa	Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
4.0	Presupuși atacatori sinucigași ai Boko Haram din Nigeria au ucis 24 de persoane	Presupuse atacuri ale Boko Haram au ucis zeci de persoane în Nigeria	Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24	Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
2.0	Sfârșitul protestelor din Hong Kong?	Marea Britanie este „îngrijorată” de protestele din Hong Kong	The end of the Hong Kong protests?	UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests
2.0	Avioanele de război rusești atacă Siria	Ruletă rusească în Siria	Russian warplanes strike inside Syria	Russian roulette in Syria
1.0	Înregistrări video cu oamenii înarmați de la atentatul de la muzeul din Tunisia	Atac la un muzeu din Turcia soldat cu 19 morți	CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack	19 killed in Tunis museum attack
0.0	Live Blog: Ucraina se află într-o situație de criză	Live Blog: haos in Irak	Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis	Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
2.0	Nigeria votează în alegerile prezidențiale strânse	Guineenii merg la urne la alegerile prezidențiale	Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election	Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
2.0	Prințul William își pune echipamentul de samurai în vizita în Japonia	Prințul William al Marii Britanii ajunge la Beijing	Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour	Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
2.0	Vicepreședintele Microneziei va vizita China	Vicepreședintele Boliviei va vizita China	Micronesia vice president to visit China	Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
3.0	Gruparea Statul Islamic emite un videoclip cu decapitarea ostaticului american	Gruparea Statul Islamic postează al doilea videoclip de propagandă cu ostaticul din Marea Britanie	Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage	Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
2.0	Iranul încheie acordul de cooperare cu Pakistanul	Iranul și Tadjikistanul semnează un acord de cooperare	Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan	Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
1.0	Adolescent testat negativ la Ebola	Angajat al unui spital din Texas a fost testat pozitiv la Ebola	Teenager tests negative for Ebola	Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
1.0	Texas dă în judecată refugiații sirieni	Turcia „exploatează” refugiații sirieni	Texas sues over Syrian refugees	Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees
2.0	Noile sancțiuni din partea SUA vizează atacatorii cibernetici de peste ocean	China nu este de acord cu programul de sancțiuni al SUA împotriva atacatorilor cibernetici din străinătate	New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers	China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
0.0	5 morți în atacurile aeriene inițiate de israelieni în Gaza	38 de militanți ai Statului Islamic au fost uciși în ciocnirile și atacurile aeriene din Irak	5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza	38 IS militants killed in clashes, air strikes in Iraq
2.0	Explozie devastatoare lovește o mină de cărbune din estul Ucrainei	12 morți în ciuda încetării focului în estul Ucrainei	Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine	12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine
3.0	Incertitudinea planului de salvare a Greciei afectează piețele globale	Îngrijorările cu privire la Grecia se resimt pe piețele din Asia	Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets	Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
1.0	Rooney ajută Man United să înfrângă Everton cu 3-0 în Premier League	West Ham înfrânge Newcastle cu 2-0 în Premier League	Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League	West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
1.0	Lider evreu extremist împușcat în Ierusalim	Liderul israelian îndeamnă la calm în Ierusalim	Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem	Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
2.0	Mișcările din culise se intensifică pe măsură ce lupta împotriva Statului Islamic se extinde	Progres contradictoriu raportat în lupta împotriva Statului Islamic	Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens	Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
1.0	Egipt: IPI cere eliberarea jurnalistului Al Jazeera arestat la Berlin	Egiptul condamnă jurnaliștii Al Jazeera la închisoare	Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin	Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
1.0	teritoriul palestinian ocupat: Forțele israeliene continuă să verse sânge palestinian în teritoriul palestinian ocupat	teritoriul palestinian ocupat: Israelul avertizează cu privire la securitate în timp ce negocierile armistițiului din Gaza continuă	occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt	occupied Palestinian territory: Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume
0.0	Libia: ONU solicită anchetarea abuzurilor asupra drepturilor din Libia	Curtea Supremă din India solicită anchetarea escrocheriei la locurile de muncă și a deceselor	Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses	India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths
2.0	Paza de coastă din Taiwan lansează noi nave pe măsură ce tensiunile din Marea Chinei de Sud cresc	Armata chineză contactează celelalte țări în contextul tensiunilor din Marea Chinei de Sud	Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise	Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
1.0	Poliția din Burundi trage cu gaze lacrimogene în protestatari	Poliția din Muntenegru trage cu gaze lacrimogene pentru a dispersa opoziția	Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters	Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
3.0	Numărul morților în urma cutremului din Nepal trece de 7,000	Numărul morților în urma cutremului din Nepal depășește 8,000	Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000	Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
1.0	Părinții lui Ashya ajung la audierea privind extrădarea	Părinții lui Ashya King sunt eliberați din închisoarea din Spania	Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing	Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain
1.0	Nigeria admite reacția întârziată privind situația Ebola	SUA intensifică intervenția privind criza Ebola	Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case	US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
1.0	Mii de oameni trec frontiera Ungariei cu Austria	Mii de ruși blocați în străinătate	Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border	Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
0.0	Kranjcar salvează QPR pe ultima sută de metri împotriva unui Stoke inspirat de Moses	Harry Kane salvează pe ultima sută de metri un punct pentru Tottenham Hotspur	Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke	Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
0.0	Oscar Pistorius condamnat la 5 ani de închisoare	„Contabilul de la Auschwitz” condamnat la patru ani de închisoare	Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison	'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
2.0	Activiștii pro-palestinieni mărșăluiesc către sediul ONU	Activiștii pro-palestinieni pregătesc o flotilă pentru a sparge blocada din Gaza	Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters	Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
1.0	Benzema se confruntă cu posibile acuzații în cazul unei înregistrări erotice	Menendez se confruntă cu posibile acuzații de corupție	Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case	Menendez faces possible corruption charges
2.0	Toți cei 224 de pasageri au murit în prăbușirea misterioasă a avionului rusesc	O creștere bruscă a temperaturii a fost detectată la momentul prăbușirii avionului rusesc	All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash	Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash
0.0	Guvernul va discuta cu studenții FTII	Cameron va discuta cu Sturgeon despre viitorul Marii Britanii	Govt. to hold talks with FTII students	Cameron to hold talks with Sturgeon on UK future
0.0	Li Na anunță că se va retrage	Senatorul american Ted Cruz anunță candidatura la președinție	Li Na to announce retirement	US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
1.0	Tunarii înscriu, dar nu reușesc să avanseze în Liga Campionilor	Cluburile din Premier League evită restricțiile din Liga Campionilor	Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League	EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes
1.0	Președintele iranian laudă acordul nuclear	Iranul arestează mai mulți spioni lângă centrala nucleară	Iranian President praises nuclear deal	Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
1.0	Boko Haram perturbă alegerile nigeriene	Presa inundată cu știri despre alegerile generale din Nigeria	Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections	Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections
1.0	Coreea de Sud regretă refuzul Nordului de a purta discuții	Coreea raportează a 14-a moarte cauzată de MERS și al 12-lea caz nou	South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks	South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases
0.0	Căutările de la locul prăbușirii avionului au fost anulate pe timpul nopții	Echipa Turului Franței se pregătește pentru stagiunea a 15-a	Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night	Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
0.0	Obama îl interoghează pe Turnbull în legătură cu acordul portuar din China	7 oameni uciși de tauri în Spania	Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal	Spanish bulls gore seven to death
0.0	Oferta generoasă a Chinei în legătură cu achiziția 1MDB pare că va aduce profituri mari din Malaezia	China e cu ochii pe un tigru eliberat de președintele Rusiei care a trecut granița	China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia	China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
0.0	Hezbollah vizează o întrunire Qaeda de-a lungul graniței cu Siria	Belarus întărește măsurile de securitate la granița cu Ucraina	Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria	Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
1.0	Coreea de Sud raportează 7 cazuri noi de MERS	O femeie din Coreea de Sud care a intrat în contact cu un pacient ce suferea de MERS a murit	South Korea reports seven new MERS cases	South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
0.0	Obama cere un front internațional împotriva SI	Obama promite să salveze irakienii blocați pe munte	Obama calls for international front against IS	Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
1.0	Armata americană declară că efectuează atacuri aeriene împotriva Statului Islamic în Siria și Irak	Observatorul spune că atacurile aeriene rusești au ucis 45 de oameni în Siria	U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq	Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
0.0	Cine a abandonat 3 avioane Boeing pe aeroport?	Polițiștii din Lesotho și-au părăsit posturile deoarece se tem pentru viețile lor	Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?	Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives
2.0	Coreea de Nord urmează să trimită în judecată un cetățean american	Coreea de Nord lovită de noi sancțiuni ale SUA	North Korea to put US citizen on trial	N Korea hit with new US sanctions
2.0	Oficialii din Hong Kong își reiau munca pe măsură ce protestele își pierd din amploare	Liderii studenților din Hong Kong iau în considerare încetarea protestului	Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin	Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
0.0	Ebola în Marea Britanie: „panică” în cadrul Serviciului Național de Sănătate din cauza unor posibile cazuri de Ebola	Marea Britanie susține că investighează 2 posibile cazuri de MERS	Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases	UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
1.0	Liderul britanic își arată sprijinul pentru atacurile aeriene asupra Statului Islamic din Siria	De ce Cipru susține efortul lui Cameron în ceea ce privește atacurile aeriene britanice în Siria	UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria	Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria
0.0	Coreea de Nord acceptă să discute cu Sudul	Johor și-a încoronat al cincilea rege	N. Korea agrees to talks with South	Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
0.0	Novak: Iranul, un partener important pentru Rusia	Iranul reiterează sprijinul pentru Irak și Siria	Iran, a large important partner for Russia: Novak	Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria
0.0	Președintele Taiwanului închiriază un avion pentru a-i aduce omagii lui Lee	Președintele Poloniei pierde în fața rivalului	Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee	Poland president loses to challenger
0.0	Doi palestinieni au murit în atacurile asupra israelienilor înainte de vizita lui Kerry	Oficial palestinian critică proiectul de lege al Israelului privind aruncatul cu pietre	Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit	Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
0.0	Thomas Cook acuzat că a pus costurile înaintea clienților	O organizație studențească a Universității din Florida a fost acuzată că a scuipat pe veterani răniți în război	Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers	University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
0.0	Imaginea „photoshopată” a lui Narendra Modi din timpul vizitei inundațiilor din Chennai devine virală	Premierul Narendra Modi vorbește despre nediscriminare și egalitate	Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral	PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
1.0	Liderul ONU salută alegerile prezidențiale pașnice din Guineea	Liderul ONU condamnă atacul împotriva forțelor de menținere a păcii din Mali	UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea	UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
0.0	Execuțiile din Pakistan stârnesc furia internațională	Pakistanul protestează împotriva încălcării încetării focului de către India	Pakistan executions draw international ire	Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
0.0	Doi australieni decedați în Kenia după ce un autobuz a plonjat într-un râu	Link permanent către: Doi oameni uciși într-un accident feroviar din Germania	Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river	Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident
2.0	Franța închide moscheea și arestează un bărbat în represiunile de după atacuri	Măsurile de securitate întărite în bisericile din New Delhi după atacuri	France shuts mosque, arrests man in crackdown after attacks	Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
2.0	Potrivit unor surse, un avion rusesc s-ar fi prăbușit în Egipt	Pilot mort în urma prăbușirii unui avion american în Anglia	Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt	Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
0.0	Vânturi severe în timp ce furtuna Clodagh lovește Marea Britanie	Merkel promite solidaritatea NATO Letoniei	Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain	Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
0.0	Zeci de egipteni au fost luați ostatici de teroriști libieni drept răzbunare pentru atacurile aeriene	Numărul morților în urma accidentului nautic din Egipt crește pe măsură ce sunt descoperite alte trupuri neînsuflețite în Nil	Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes	Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
0.0	Președintele se îndreaptă spre Bahrain	Președintele Xi: China va continua să ajute în lupta împotriva Ebola	President heading to Bahrain	President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
0.0	China și India au promis să continue legăturile bilaterale	China se luptă pentru a-i liniști pe agenții bursieri agitați	China, India vow to further bilateral ties	China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
0.0	Purtător de cuvânt al lui Putin: acuzațiile de dopaj par nefondate	Ultimele știri privind vremea rea: 1 mort în urma tornadei din Texas	Putin spokesman: Doping charges appear unfounded	The Latest on Severe Weather: 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
